URL: https://botpenguin.com/blogs/free-lead-generation-tools-for-b2b-and-b2c
Free Lead Generation Tools for B2B and B2C
Why BotPenguin
Product
Solutions
Pricing
Partners
Resources
Login
Get Started FREE
Integrations
Experience 80+ world-class integrations.
Key Features
Take your business to the next level with our awesome key features.
Live Chat
Stay in the loop with your clientele 24*7!
Unified Inbox
Serve your customers across all platforms.
Analytics
Speedtrack your growth with our top-of-the-line analytics tools!
Mobile App
Make, monitor, & manage your AI chatbots with our mobile app.
CHATBOT COMPARISONS
BotPenguin vs. Manychat
BotPenguin vs. Tidio
BotPenguin vs. Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs. Wati
BotPenguin vs. Interakt
BotPenguin vs. AiSensy
BotPenguin vs. Landbot
WHAT CAN IT DO?
Marketing Automation
Make marketing a boon from the automation gods!
FB Automation
Engage with your customers on a deeper level.
WhatsApp Automation
Get that nifty automation for WhatsApp too!
Appointment Bookings
No more delays, BotPenguin’s got you here!
Customer Support
Your customers are in for a treat with this automation.
Lead Generation
Gain more lead without any extra effort or expenses
WHO CAN USE IT?
Healthcare
Give your patients world-class healthcare service!
Education
Make admissions and automate processes in a jiffy!
E-commerce
Create the best E-commerce service with ease!
Real Estate
Make Real Estate great again with BotPenguin!
Consultants
Boost up with our one-stop marketing solution!
SaaS
Take your SAAS game to the next level with BotPenguin!
Tours & Travels
Provide extraordinary tour and travel services with BotPenguin!
Insurance
Launch AI-driven Insurance Bot to Promote, Sell, & Manage Policies.
WHERE CAN IT RUN?
Instagram Chatbot
Attract leads, boost sales, and chat 24/7 with Instagram Chatbots.
WhatsApp Chatbot
Start conversing like a real person with BotPenguin!
Telegram Chatbot
Cutting-edge features for you to grow your business on Telegram.
Facebook Chatbot
Do everything at once with BotPenguin on Facebook.
Websites Chatbot
BotPenguin grows your website and keeps your customers engaged.
Wordpress Chatbot
BotPenguin thrives on WordPress and makes it awesome.
Microsoft Teams Chatbot
Maximize your teams productivity with MS Teams Bot.
Shopify Chatbot
Boost your Shopify Business With BotPenguin’s AI-powered chatbot.
WooCommerce Chatbot
Sell effortlessly on your WooCommerce store with BotPenguin.
Squarespace Chatbot
Get the most out of Squarespace with BotPenguin
CUSTOM DEVELOPMENT
Whitelabel ChatGPT
Apply your branding on ChatGPT, Launch your own AI platform
ChatGPT Custom Plugins
Integrate your service straight into ChatGPT
Custom Chatbot Development
Build enterprise-grade chatbots with the best
ChatGPT Clone
Add functionality and branding on ChatGPT
HIRE DEVELOPERS
Chatbot Developers
Build Lighter, Faster, Smarter-Efficiently
ChatGPT Developers
Ride the GPT wave with trained surfers
ChatGPT Consultants
Advice that makes the difference in your AI journey
PARTNER PROGRAMS
Partners Home
Join hands with us, and welcome growth
WhatsApp Whitelabel Partners
Conquer the WhatsApp land with BotPenguin’s White Label Platform
Whitelabel Partners
Say hi to the best Whitelabel chatbot platform ever
Affiliate Partners
Earn more and keep your clients happier
Implementation Partners
As they say, a partner is worth trillions!
PARTNER PRICING
Whitelabel Chatbot Pricing
Our pricing for Whitelabel Chatbot
Implementation Partnership Pricing
Our pricing for Implementation Partnership
OUR RESOURCES
Blogs
Read the latest blogs on chatbots, AI, automations & more
Videos
Watch tutorials, webinars, and demos to master our chatbots.
Case Study
Read how BotPenguin transformed business communication
E-book
Explore e-books written by experts for all your business needs!
Help Docs
Find detailed guides and tips for all your chatbot needs.
Newsroom
Explore how BotPenguin is making headlines in the chatbot industry.
Community Support
Join our vibrant community to unlock exclusive content & expert guidance
LATEST BLOG
Why is BotPenguin the best platform to develop a chatbot?
Introducing ChatGPT 4o for BotPenguin
Create your first AI Chatbot
Get Started FREE
All blogs
Free Lead Generation Tools for B2B and B2C
Use-cases
Updated at Aug 5, 2024
5 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Try BotPenguin
Table of Contents
What is a Lead Generation System?
What are B2B and B2C Lead Generation?
Differentiate between B2B and B2C Lead Generation?
Why should you choose Lead Generation tools?
Five best B2B free lead generation tools in 2022.
Five best B2C free lead generation tools in 2022.
Summing it up
Share
Link copied
In this generation, more or less, we are all aware of how important it is for our business to have constant inbound and outbound leads. The B2B e-commerce market Will reach $20.9 trillion by 2027.  A Lead generation tool is one of the best weapons for sharpening the growth of B2B and B2C lead generation. But ultimately, choosing the proper lead generation for your company can be the biggest obstacle you may face. More than 61 percent of marketers point out that generating leads is the biggest challenge.
With this blog will learn more about B2B and B2C lead generation. Further, learn about lead generation tools, explore the free tools, how you can benefit from them, and also the difference between B2B and B2C. So without further delay, let's get started.
What is a Lead Generation System?
Lead generation is the marketing process for attracting customers or capturing interest in a product or service for developing the sales funnel and in the market to make a purchase. Obtaining leads involves email marketing, social media marketing, content marketing, ads and retargeting, blogs, referral marketing, product trials, etc.
As the business process evolves, marketers must find new ways to combat the noise of other marketing campaigns. Instead of finding customers through email marketing and cold callings, you must reach buyers where they are. Marketers focus on effectiveness and relationship building. Since lead generation is one of the sales processes, quantity and quality are very important.
What are B2B and B2C Lead Generation?
B2B in lead generation stands for "business to business" company that provides or operates services to other businesses by selling its products. B2B primarily uses social media to sell its products and goals to personal consumers. B2B proves to be more complex and involves more research.
The buyers have to consult with several departments before buying. For instance, B2B includes electronics, door locks, batteries, tires, office furniture, etc.  B2C in lead generation stands for "business to consumer" company where products move directly from a business to the end consumer who must have purchased them for personal use.
They also sell their products through many businesses without keeping any middle man. B2C has a popularity surge, with 56.9% of retail gains with the collaboration of large companies such as Amazon and eBay. For instance, B2C shopping can be visiting a doctor, salon, or restaurant, using online apps for shopping, booking cabs, etc.
Differentiate between B2B and B2C Lead Generation?
The most crucial difference between B2B and B2C is their customers. B2B provides its devices to the other repurchased businesses and has multiple pricing tiers and order volume discounts. B2C sells its services or products directly to its customers and a single pricing tier for all customers.
Here are some differences between B2B and B2C:
In the case of B2B, the buyers research more about the market than the product, which automatically makes them more trustworthy toward the product. But in B2C, the buyers research more on brand and purchase the product based on existing knowledge.
Value per lead is higher in B2B, and the number of leads is higher in B2C.
B2B involves a small number of customers and large unit transactions, whereas B2C includes a large number of customers and small unit transactions.
B2B makes it complex when it comes to decision-making involving many people. B2C involves mainly the customer and makes it easy to make decisions.
B2B includes ROI estimation, a decisive factor in its ecosystem. But for B2C, the product look or feel is more crucial.
The purchase size is small for B2C buyers, and purchases can be of massive amounts.
B2B sales are located almost everywhere, even in remote places. Still, for B2C, it is only concentrated in the accessible areas and availability of resources to produce products or services.
Why should you choose Lead Generation tools?
Buyers have learned to ignore the messages that are not relevant to them and research on their own what they want to know about specific products or services. The various critical features of
lead generation
tools are:
It integrates with email marketing.
Marketing analytics.
Landing page builder.
Customized coupons.
Pre-built templates.
Simple management system
Campaign management.
Data import and export.
Email finder.
SEO management.
Five best B2B free lead generation tools in 2022.
Pipedrive
Pipedrive is a B2B lead management tool and a customer relationship management platform as a service company. It integrates with more than 500 business applications like Zapier, Talkdesk, PandaDoc, Yesware, MailChimp, etc.
Features:
Customization
Automation.
CRM
Privacy.
Logging leads.
Scheduler.
Email templates.
Track communication.
Pricing:
Essential
$14.90
per month per user (billed annually)
Enterprise
$99.00
per month per user. Only available as the annual plan
Professional
$49.90
per month per user (billed annually)
Advanced
Advanced
$24.90
per month per user (billed annually)
HubSpot
HubSpot is an American developer and a platform for marketing, sales, and service provider. It allows a dashboard of the sales pipeline that provides visibility of sales activities. It integrates with zoom, Intercom, Twitter, LinkedIn, Salesforce, Zoho, etc.
Features:
List segmentation
Workflows
Email
Reporting dashboards
Social media management
Pricing:
Starter:
$50/month
Professional:
$250/month
Enterprise:
$100/month
Zendesk Sell
Zendesk is a customer service software and supports ticketing system. It allows customizable tools to build customer service portals. It supports integration with Amazon, slack, Shopify, Magento, stripe, certify, etc.
Features:
Reporting
Forecasting
Knowledge base
Case management
Lead management
Email marketing.
Pricing:
Team
$19/ month per user
Professional
$49/ month per user
Enterprise
$99/ month per user
Elite
199/ month per user
Hunter
Hunter is a cloud-based solution that helps prevent application fraud for any organization dealing with fraudulent applications. Hunter also allows users to verify email addresses from their domain. It connects with Trello, tribe, Swell, stripe, revue, rewardful, nimble, newsletter, etc.
Features:
Customer Database
Email Monitoring
Marketing Automation
Email Archiving
Marketing management
Pricing:
Free
$0/month
Starter
$49/month
Growth
$99/month
Pro
$199/month
Business
$399/month
Calendly
Calendly is an application used for scheduling meetings, events, and appointments. It efficiently works to eliminate the back-and-forth hassle related to emails so that you can work typically. The integrations of Calendly are Zapier, zoom, PayPal, Stripe, Salesforce, etc.
Features:
Calendar integration.
Fully optimized for all devices.
Simple, elegant, and modern interface.
Automatic/custom notifications.
Team scheduling.
Group events.
Pricing:
Basic
Always Free
Essentials
$10 /seat/month
Professional
$15 /seat/month
Teams
$20 /seat/month
Five best B2C free lead generation tools in 2022.
Drift
Drift is a messaging app that allows you to chat, email, and video, eliminating the diversion from business buying. It integrates with Clearbit, optimized, sense, Zendesk, Marketo, etc.
Features:
Auto-Responders
Automated Scheduling
Availability Indicator
Availability Management
Booking Management
Calendar Management
Calendar Sync
Campaign Management
Campaign Personalization
Canned Responses
Pricing:
Free: Free for live chat
Premium:$600 per month for ten seats
Enterprise: for large enterprise business.
Startup Program: $500 for 10 seats
Nimble
Nimble is a
CRM
software that amplifies your flow of work and gives you access to activities, contacts, deals, and follow-up reminders from your mobile. The integrations are Olark, Pipedrive, UserVoice, Zoho CRM, etc.
Features:
Marketing Automation
Email Marketing
Lead Management
Customer Support
Knowledge Base
Mobile & Social
Pricing:
Starting price:
$19.00 per month
Free trial:
Available
Free version:
Not Available
Keap
Keap is software to help small businesses and entrepreneurs increase sales, and improve CRM service and marketing automation. It connects with Facebook, Xero, Shopify, Gravity Forms, Calendly, etc.
Features:
Dynamic Content
Mobile-Optimized
Reporting & Analytics
Basic Reporting
Email Marketing
Pricing:
Free Trial
Max
$199.00
Cloud
per month
Pro
$129.00
Cloud
per month
Yieldify
Yieldify is a platform that optimizes and personalizes the entire customer journey. Its integrations are Adobe Analytics, Aircall, attentive, Bluecore, Capsule, etc.
Features:
Surveys
Funnel Analysis
Visual Editor
Split Testing
Statistical Relevance Analysis
Test Scheduling
Targets audience
Pricing:
Free trial
Subscription.
Sumo
Sumo is the perfect app for people who like to do painting, edit photos, 3d modeling, code apps, videos, and many more. It integrates with Mailchimp, google sheets, and Email by Zapier.
Features:
Contact Collection
Audience Insights
Social Sharing
Metrics
Entry and Exit Pages
Sessions
Pricing:
Just Starting
FREE
Professional
$24/month
Small business
$59/month
E-commerce
$79/month
Summing it up
In conclusion, you can be at the top of your sales funnel, develop better service, nurture tactics, and generate leads with the top lead-generating software. For B2B and B2C marketers, generating leads is their main priority. You will get to choose lots of features, pricing options, integrations, and whatnot. Every B2B and B2C lead-generating tool provided here is unique from one another.
You just have to choose one that goes best with your business. Hope this blog has provided you with the best solutions apps to meet your needs.  Check our website for more information on various tools. Collaborate with
BotPenguin
and see the change.
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Get the latest business insights straight into your inbox.
Email
Enter your email address
*
Subscribe Now
Keep Reading, Keep Growing
Checkout our related blogs you will love.
Understanding Automated Claims Processing: A Beginner’s Guide
Updated at Nov 13, 2024
12 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Chatbot for Education 101: The Ultimate Guide
Updated at Nov 13, 2024
15 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Understanding the Role of Student Enrollment Management Systems
Updated at Nov 15, 2024
12 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Table of Contents
What is a Lead Generation System?
What are B2B and B2C Lead Generation?
Differentiate between B2B and B2C Lead Generation?
Why should you choose Lead Generation tools?
Five best B2B free lead generation tools in 2022.
Five best B2C free lead generation tools in 2022.
Summing it up
BotPenguin is the best AI Chatbot maker platform. Create a Chatbot for WhatsApp, Website, Facebook Messenger, Telegram, WordPress & Shopify with BotPenguin - 100% FREE! Our chatbot creator helps with lead generation, appointment booking, customer support, marketing automation, WhatsApp & Facebook Automation for businesses. AI-powered No-Code chatbot maker with live chat plugin & ChatGPT integration.
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Partners
Whitelabel Partner
Whatsapp Whitelabel Partner
Implementation Partner
Affiliate Partner
Get Started
Chatbot For Ecommerce
Chatbot For Real Estate
Chatbot For Education
Chatbot For Travel
All Templates
Free Tools
WhatsApp Link Generator
WhatsApp QR Code Generator
OpenAI API Pricing Calculator
Chatbot ROI Calculator
All Free Tools
Integrations
ChatGPT
GoHighLevel
Bitrix 24
Zoho CRM
Zapier
All Integrations
Resources
Blogs
Glossary
Help Center
Write for us
Contact Us
What’s New
Product Updates
Comparisons
BotPenguin vs Manychat
BotPenguin vs Tidio
BotPenguin vs Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs Wati
BotPenguin vs Landbot
All Comparisons
Alternatives
What you get
Lead Generation Bot
Support Bot
Assistant Bot
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Get Started
Integrations
Comparisons
Partners
Free Tools
Resources
What you get
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Copyright © 2018 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All RightsReserved.