URL: https://botpenguin.com/blogs/freshchat-review
Freshchat Review: An In-Depth Look 2024
Why BotPenguin
Product
Solutions
Pricing
Partners
Resources
Login
Get Started FREE
Integrations
Experience 80+ world-class integrations.
Key Features
Take your business to the next level with our awesome key features.
Live Chat
Stay in the loop with your clientele 24*7!
Unified Inbox
Serve your customers across all platforms.
Analytics
Speedtrack your growth with our top-of-the-line analytics tools!
Mobile App
Make, monitor, & manage your AI chatbots with our mobile app.
CHATBOT COMPARISONS
BotPenguin vs. Manychat
BotPenguin vs. Tidio
BotPenguin vs. Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs. Wati
BotPenguin vs. Interakt
BotPenguin vs. AiSensy
BotPenguin vs. Landbot
WHAT CAN IT DO?
Marketing Automation
Make marketing a boon from the automation gods!
FB Automation
Engage with your customers on a deeper level.
WhatsApp Automation
Get that nifty automation for WhatsApp too!
Appointment Bookings
No more delays, BotPenguin’s got you here!
Customer Support
Your customers are in for a treat with this automation.
Lead Generation
Gain more lead without any extra effort or expenses
WHO CAN USE IT?
Healthcare
Give your patients world-class healthcare service!
Education
Make admissions and automate processes in a jiffy!
E-commerce
Create the best E-commerce service with ease!
Real Estate
Make Real Estate great again with BotPenguin!
Consultants
Boost up with our one-stop marketing solution!
SaaS
Take your SAAS game to the next level with BotPenguin!
Tours & Travels
Provide extraordinary tour and travel services with BotPenguin!
Insurance
Launch AI-driven Insurance Bot to Promote, Sell, & Manage Policies.
WHERE CAN IT RUN?
Instagram Chatbot
Attract leads, boost sales, and chat 24/7 with Instagram Chatbots.
WhatsApp Chatbot
Start conversing like a real person with BotPenguin!
Telegram Chatbot
Cutting-edge features for you to grow your business on Telegram.
Facebook Chatbot
Do everything at once with BotPenguin on Facebook.
Websites Chatbot
BotPenguin grows your website and keeps your customers engaged.
Wordpress Chatbot
BotPenguin thrives on WordPress and makes it awesome.
Microsoft Teams Chatbot
Maximize your teams productivity with MS Teams Bot.
Shopify Chatbot
Boost your Shopify Business With BotPenguin’s AI-powered chatbot.
WooCommerce Chatbot
Sell effortlessly on your WooCommerce store with BotPenguin.
Squarespace Chatbot
Get the most out of Squarespace with BotPenguin
CUSTOM DEVELOPMENT
Whitelabel ChatGPT
Apply your branding on ChatGPT, Launch your own AI platform
ChatGPT Custom Plugins
Integrate your service straight into ChatGPT
Custom Chatbot Development
Build enterprise-grade chatbots with the best
ChatGPT Clone
Add functionality and branding on ChatGPT
HIRE DEVELOPERS
Chatbot Developers
Build Lighter, Faster, Smarter-Efficiently
ChatGPT Developers
Ride the GPT wave with trained surfers
ChatGPT Consultants
Advice that makes the difference in your AI journey
PARTNER PROGRAMS
Partners Home
Join hands with us, and welcome growth
WhatsApp Whitelabel Partners
Conquer the WhatsApp land with BotPenguin’s White Label Platform
Whitelabel Partners
Say hi to the best Whitelabel chatbot platform ever
Affiliate Partners
Earn more and keep your clients happier
Implementation Partners
As they say, a partner is worth trillions!
PARTNER PRICING
Whitelabel Chatbot Pricing
Our pricing for Whitelabel Chatbot
Implementation Partnership Pricing
Our pricing for Implementation Partnership
OUR RESOURCES
Blogs
Read the latest blogs on chatbots, AI, automations & more
Videos
Watch tutorials, webinars, and demos to master our chatbots.
Case Study
Read how BotPenguin transformed business communication
E-book
Explore e-books written by experts for all your business needs!
Help Docs
Find detailed guides and tips for all your chatbot needs.
Newsroom
Explore how BotPenguin is making headlines in the chatbot industry.
Community Support
Join our vibrant community to unlock exclusive content & expert guidance
LATEST BLOG
Why is BotPenguin the best platform to develop a chatbot?
Introducing ChatGPT 4o for BotPenguin
Create your first AI Chatbot
Get Started FREE
All blogs
Freshchat Review: An In-Depth Look 2024
Chatbot
Updated at Sep 14, 2024
24 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Try BotPenguin
Table of Contents
What is Freshdesk Messaging?
Freshchat Features
Pros of Freshchat
Cons of Freshchat
Freshchat Pricing
Freshchat Review: A Comprehensive Look
FreshChat Review: Who are the Users?
Conclusion
Share
Link copied
Freshchat's live chat platform uses dynamic messaging to let you communicate with your consumers.
Proactive campaigns, integrations and artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities are all included in the solution. It also offers lead creation capabilities that keep your clientele constantly engaged.
Freshchat is available for download on Android and iOS devices and may be used directly from your browser.
Freshchat is highly compartmentalized software. It means, only useful for the business that already uses this tool or plans to use it on online sales, help desk, and market automation.
It might not necessarily be very flexible for your company goals. With these benefits and drawbacks, let's look at the complete review of Freshchat.
What is Freshdesk Messaging?
Freshdesk Messaging (Formerly Freshchat) is a customer messaging platform designed for companies of all sizes.
Delight your consumers wherever they are - online, mobile, social, and messengers with Freshdesk Messaging. It combines current and mature features to fully improve your client experience while also assisting you in scaling your organization.
Source: Freshwork
Freshdesk Messaging is a Freshworks product that over 150,000 enterprises worldwide utilize.
It is an AI-powered customer messaging platform used by businesses of all sizes to provide digital-first customer support across many channels such as WhatsApp, Apple Business Chat, Facebook Messenger, website, mobile app, and more.
Customers expect on-demand, personalized support via familiar, easily accessible channels as the world moves toward contactless service.
Businesses use Freshdesk Messaging's powerful messaging platform to service their customers across multiple digital channels using a combination of automation and human assistance.
Freshchat Features
Source: Freshchat
The features of Freshchat are the following:
Co-browsing:
The co-browsing function guarantees that you give excellent customer service. It lets you connect to your clients' systems and converse with them while showing them how to use their computers.
Customer campaigns:
You may use the program to develop focused customer campaigns to increase client involvement.
You can follow up on leads, launch email campaigns, and send push notifications to keep your customers informed about all of your current deals from a single dashboard.
Triggered messages:
Freshchat
sends out beneficial prompted messages when customers do particular activities, such as visiting a website or adding things to a shopping basket.
The technology initiates dialogues with users automatically to convert them into clients.
Insightful reporting:
The system provides you with in-depth reporting on important performance metrics. It provides an overview of indicators such as help-desk activity and coverage by team members.
It aids you in fine-tuning and optimizing your plan for optimal effectiveness.
Chatbots:
Artificial intelligence (AI) solutions such as chatbots help with communication and keep people engaged with your content.
The bots save you money and come with multi-channel messaging capabilities that make it simple to communicate with users worldwide.
Integrations:
The program works with various third-party applications, including e-commerce platforms, chat services, and sales tools.
It's worth noting that some are included with the program, and others may be purchased separately.
Multi-platform messaging:
The program can send emails and push alerts in addition to its built-in chat system.
The feature allows you to stay in touch with your consumers at all times.
Pros of Freshchat
The pros of Freshchat are the following:
For certain websites and devices, it's very customizable.
It is ideal for non-technical people.
Email and phone calls get diverted.
The support staff may handle more conversations than other communication channels.
Excellent Customization
Customer service that is responsive and truly helps
The UI is really simple to use for those who aren't computer savvy!
Has an artificial intelligence bot that can be programmed to answer most queries.
Cons of Freshchat
The cons of Freshchat are the following:
When sending a campaign, the text remains in the recipient's inbox until the campaign is completed.
Everyone can see their metrics on a live dashboard.
Enhancement implementations are completed more quickly.
Management of expertise.
The highest monthly pricing bundle should include several premium additional cost services.
Even if you cancel, they may charge you inadvertently, so retain your cancellation receipt.
Freshchat Pricing
Source: Freshchat
Freshchat offers a variety of subscription-based programs, including completely free ones. The plans differ in terms of what features are provided and add-ons.
The seller offers a free 21-day
trial on the premium subscriptions, which are invoiced monthly. To learn more about the product and cost, go to their website.
Freshchat is a dynamic chatbot solution that you should explore if you manage an enterprise to boost client interaction.
Freshchat offers a free plan that includes 100 agents and 10,000 unique visitors that can chat with you, but it only allows you to use the live chat feature (not the chatbot).
If you want to use Freshchat to create a chatbot, you must subscribe to the Forest plan.
The Forest Plan is $69 per month per agent. It includes 5000 chatbot chats (dubbed "Freddy sessions"), additional channels (Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp), and chatbot analytics.
Document
Collaborate BotPenguin And
Freshdesk For Enhanced Productivity of Support Teams
Try BotPenguin
Freshchat Review: A Comprehensive Look
The detailed review follows here:
Integrations
Source: Freshchat
Freshchat includes an integrated live chat feature, the most crucial feature of any chatbot software.
Moreover, Freshchat offers an iOS and Android app so that you can answer users' inquiries on the move. Freshchat also integrates with Freshworks' other products, such as
Freshdesk
and Freshsales.
They also integrate with Slack (allowing you to respond to user inquiries from your Slack channel) and Zendesk.
Clearbit (You may also construct your webhooks if this isn't enough)
Livechat
Zapier
Integromat
Google Sheets
Webhooks
User Interface
When you first log in to Freshchat, you'll be presented with a quick-start tutorial that will assist you in getting started with their platform.
After you've completed this, you'll be able to access the entire Freshchat interface, which includes the most recent data for your chatbot.
You can use Freshchat's Visual Flow Builder to construct your chatbot flows. A chatbot element in Freshchat might be a user's Text or a Response.
Buttons or free text input can be used as responses. Furthermore, you may test your chatbot processes before they go live.
Overall, Freshchat's UI is simple to use, and it's simple to set up your chatbot with:
Visual Flow Builder
Test chatbot
Interface easy to use?
Easy to set up a chatbot?
Chatbot Elements
Source: Freshchat
Freshchat has a very limited amount of chatbot components. Video and Galleries are two crucial features that are lacking.
They do, however, supply enough components to build a chatbot, like:
Delays
Images
Video
Audio
Attachments
Gallery (Horizontal list)
Vertical list
Emojis
Persistent Menu
Quick Replies
Buttons
Free text input
Location sharing
Email validation
Phone number validation
Date validation
Channels
Freshchat allows you to use a chatbot on three different channels:
Your website
Facebook Messenger
WhatsApp
You may also send email campaigns to your subscribers.
Website
Facebook
Instagram
Whatsapp
Telegram
SMS
Slack
Skype
Email
Suggested Reading:
Top 7 pro tips for Freshchat Bot users
AI & NLP
You can grasp the user's purpose using Freshchat. Freshchat will automatically understand the user's purpose if you offer numerous sample questions.
Entities cannot be used in your Freshchat chatbot, unfortunately:
Keywords
Intents
Entities
Dialogflow integration
Marketing
Freshchat's marketing capabilities are primarily focused on websites. Only a native widget may be installed on your website.
You may customize the colors and style of this widget to match the look and feel of your website.
The fact that you can't specify a separate greeting message for each page on your website is a minor disadvantage:
Facebook website widget
Native website widget
Landing pages
Facebook Ads
One-Time Notification
Facebook comments auto-reply
Button creator
Custom URLs for your chatbot
Analytics
Source: FreshWorks
Freshchat has many dashboards that indicate the number of chats, messages, and API calls.
You can also quickly modify your chatbot's responses because you can see a list of all the queries your chatbot didn't understand.
But the greatest aspect is that you may design your reports using Freddy Self-Service, which consists of many widgets:
Dashboard
User input
User retention
Sent messages
Open rate
Click rate
Conversion rate
Fall back rate
Volunteer users
Custom dashboards/reports
Suggested Reading:
Freshchat vs Livechat: Which is the better alternative?
eCommerce
Freshchat provides a Shopify interface that can transfer Shopify characteristics (such as the Order ID) to Freshchat, making it easier for one of your live chat employees to assist the user.
We are not sure if you can utilize these characteristics automatically with your chatbot, though.
Payments
Shopify
WooCommerce
Buy directly within the chatbot
Cart abandonment
Languages Supported
The languages supported by Freshchat are the following:
Czech, Catalan, Danish, English, German, Estonian, French, Finnish, Hungarian, Italian, Indonesian, Japanese, Korean and many more.
FreshChat Review: Who are the Users?
Organizations in various industries use Freshchat, including retail, distribution, travel, fashion, insurance, financial services, and delivery services.
Document
Connect, Engage, and Integrate
Get Started FREE
Conclusion
So, should you build your chatbots with Freshchat? Yes, that's a good idea.
Freshchat has a visual flow builder, built-in live chat, the ability to convert your chatbot into several languages easily, built-in AI, the ability to deploy your chatbot across four channels, and powerful chatbot analytics.
BotPenguin
is a chatbot building platform using which you can create intelligent chatbots and integrate with Whatsapp, Facebook messenger, Telegram and multiple other platforms.
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Get the latest business insights straight into your inbox.
Email
Enter your email address
*
Subscribe Now
Keep Reading, Keep Growing
Checkout our related blogs you will love.
A Comprehensive Guide to AI Agentic Workflow for Businesses
Updated at Oct 31, 2024
12 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Exploring the Best Drift Alternatives for 2024: A Comprehensive Guide
Updated at Oct 29, 2024
8 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Best Intercom Alternatives for 2024: A Comprehensive Guide
Updated at Oct 28, 2024
5 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Table of Contents
What is Freshdesk Messaging?
Freshchat Features
Pros of Freshchat
Cons of Freshchat
Freshchat Pricing
Freshchat Review: A Comprehensive Look
FreshChat Review: Who are the Users?
Conclusion
BotPenguin is the best AI Chatbot maker platform. Create a Chatbot for WhatsApp, Website, Facebook Messenger, Telegram, WordPress & Shopify with BotPenguin - 100% FREE! Our chatbot creator helps with lead generation, appointment booking, customer support, marketing automation, WhatsApp & Facebook Automation for businesses. AI-powered No-Code chatbot maker with live chat plugin & ChatGPT integration.
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Partners
Whitelabel Partner
Whatsapp Whitelabel Partner
Implementation Partner
Affiliate Partner
Get Started
Chatbot For Ecommerce
Chatbot For Real Estate
Chatbot For Education
Chatbot For Travel
All Templates
Free Tools
WhatsApp Link Generator
WhatsApp QR Code Generator
OpenAI API Pricing Calculator
Chatbot ROI Calculator
All Free Tools
Integrations
ChatGPT
GoHighLevel
Bitrix 24
Zoho CRM
Zapier
All Integrations
Resources
Blogs
Glossary
Help Center
Write for us
Contact Us
What’s New
Product Updates
Comparisons
BotPenguin vs Manychat
BotPenguin vs Tidio
BotPenguin vs Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs Wati
BotPenguin vs Landbot
All Comparisons
Alternatives
What you get
Lead Generation Bot
Support Bot
Assistant Bot
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Get Started
Integrations
Comparisons
Partners
Free Tools
Resources
What you get
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Copyright © 2018 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All RightsReserved.