URL: https://botpenguin.com/chatbot-use-cases/facebook-automation
Facebook Automation | FREE Messenger Chatbot Maker | BotPenguin
Why BotPenguin
Product
Solutions
Pricing
Partners
Resources
Login
Get Started FREE
Integrations
Experience 80+ world-class integrations.
Key Features
Take your business to the next level with our awesome key features.
Live Chat
Stay in the loop with your clientele 24*7!
Unified Inbox
Serve your customers across all platforms.
Analytics
Speedtrack your growth with our top-of-the-line analytics tools!
Mobile App
Make, monitor, & manage your AI chatbots with our mobile app.
CHATBOT COMPARISONS
BotPenguin vs. Manychat
BotPenguin vs. Tidio
BotPenguin vs. Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs. Wati
BotPenguin vs. Interakt
BotPenguin vs. AiSensy
BotPenguin vs. Landbot
WHAT CAN IT DO?
Marketing Automation
Make marketing a boon from the automation gods!
FB Automation
Engage with your customers on a deeper level.
WhatsApp Automation
Get that nifty automation for WhatsApp too!
Appointment Bookings
No more delays, BotPenguin’s got you here!
Customer Support
Your customers are in for a treat with this automation.
Lead Generation
Gain more lead without any extra effort or expenses
WHO CAN USE IT?
Healthcare
Give your patients world-class healthcare service!
Education
Make admissions and automate processes in a jiffy!
E-commerce
Create the best E-commerce service with ease!
Real Estate
Make Real Estate great again with BotPenguin!
Consultants
Boost up with our one-stop marketing solution!
SaaS
Take your SAAS game to the next level with BotPenguin!
Tours & Travels
Provide extraordinary tour and travel services with BotPenguin!
Insurance
Launch AI-driven Insurance Bot to Promote, Sell, & Manage Policies.
WHERE CAN IT RUN?
Instagram Chatbot
Attract leads, boost sales, and chat 24/7 with Instagram Chatbots.
WhatsApp Chatbot
Start conversing like a real person with BotPenguin!
Telegram Chatbot
Cutting-edge features for you to grow your business on Telegram.
Facebook Chatbot
Do everything at once with BotPenguin on Facebook.
Websites Chatbot
BotPenguin grows your website and keeps your customers engaged.
Wordpress Chatbot
BotPenguin thrives on WordPress and makes it awesome.
Microsoft Teams Chatbot
Maximize your teams productivity with MS Teams Bot.
Shopify Chatbot
Boost your Shopify Business With BotPenguin’s AI-powered chatbot.
WooCommerce Chatbot
Sell effortlessly on your WooCommerce store with BotPenguin.
Squarespace Chatbot
Get the most out of Squarespace with BotPenguin
CUSTOM DEVELOPMENT
Whitelabel ChatGPT
Apply your branding on ChatGPT, Launch your own AI platform
ChatGPT Custom Plugins
Integrate your service straight into ChatGPT
Custom Chatbot Development
Build enterprise-grade chatbots with the best
ChatGPT Clone
Add functionality and branding on ChatGPT
HIRE DEVELOPERS
Chatbot Developers
Build Lighter, Faster, Smarter-Efficiently
ChatGPT Developers
Ride the GPT wave with trained surfers
ChatGPT Consultants
Advice that makes the difference in your AI journey
PARTNER PROGRAMS
Partners Home
Join hands with us, and welcome growth
WhatsApp Whitelabel Partners
Conquer the WhatsApp land with BotPenguin’s White Label Platform
Whitelabel Partners
Say hi to the best Whitelabel chatbot platform ever
Affiliate Partners
Earn more and keep your clients happier
Implementation Partners
As they say, a partner is worth trillions!
PARTNER PRICING
Whitelabel Chatbot Pricing
Our pricing for Whitelabel Chatbot
Implementation Partnership Pricing
Our pricing for Implementation Partnership
OUR RESOURCES
Blogs
Read the latest blogs on chatbots, AI, automations & more
Videos
Watch tutorials, webinars, and demos to master our chatbots.
Case Study
Read how BotPenguin transformed business communication
E-book
Explore e-books written by experts for all your business needs!
Help Docs
Find detailed guides and tips for all your chatbot needs.
Newsroom
Explore how BotPenguin is making headlines in the chatbot industry.
Community Support
Join our vibrant community to unlock exclusive content & expert guidance
LATEST BLOG
Why is BotPenguin the best platform to develop a chatbot?
Introducing ChatGPT 4o for BotPenguin
Create your first AI Chatbot
Get Started FREE
Engagement with customers made easy with
Facebook automation in a jiffy
Interact with your customers on the world’s largest social media platform with ease. BotPenguin’s Facebook Messenger
integration can help you seamlessly interact with your customers 24/7!
Get Started FREE
FREE Forever plan. No Credit Card Required.
Trusted by
40,000+
Global Brands
Start talking to your customers
on Facebook today
Deploy the best tactics on Facebook as you go with our Facebook automation
Sell Products more on Facebook
Excite your audience with your products through Facebook automation. You can showcase your product or service to your visitors.
Instant responses
For the questions BP is not able to answer it will pass on conversation to agents available on live chat - Warm transfers for human assistance – Let your customers experience warm handshakes and get seamless support.ame o
Messenger to common or redundant queries
Facebook automation helps to respond to the customers who are showing interest by commenting on the Facebook post.
Reduce support costs
BotPenguin handles most of the communication and only engages support personnel for complex queries
Provide support with better customer experience
On Facebook resolve queries, understand your customers better and collect customer feedback for the maximum.
Engage with your customers
On Facebook with live chat and scheduled reminders. Send scheduled reminders to never let your customers out of your sight.
Always available
An average user opens Facebook Messenger over 15 times a day. Why miss out? Give quick, insightful responses to straightforward inquiries to nurture trust with facebook automation.
Build your Chatbot
2Bn+
Active Users
180+
Countries
60+
Languages
Reach your customers on scale; save on cost and time
Build your Chatbot
Generate top notch quality leads on Facebook
Reach out to prospects on Facebook by engaging them in a lively conversation. Answer simple questions
instantly and build trust while ensuring high availability with Facebook automation.
Use different widgets to Route your customers
Route your customers through Ads, Facebook button, website, QR code and reference URL to the bot of your choice.
Drip Campaigns and Bulk message campaigns
You can now use Drip Campaigns and Bulk message campaigns to broadcast at once.
Popup at right time to Send Offers and discounts
Enhance your customer experience by sending offers and discounts at the perfect time through some playful chat pop ups.
Get back your customers
Never disappoint your customers by keeping them updated about their favorite products
Stay close to your customers by sending Appointment reminders
Solve your customer’s appointment needs with the help of appointment reminders and keep them closer than ever.
Get back your customers with abandoned carts
Use BotPenguin to get in touch with the customers through retargeting tactics who did not complete their transactions
Integrate with customer segmentation tools
Create a better marketing campaign with BotPenguin through segmentation tools that help you import customer segments.
BotPenguin plays well with your existing tools
The sheer awesomeness does not end here. BotPenguin can help you migrate existing customers from Facebook.
Book a demo
Selling is super great with BotPenguin
Collect leads, manage sales and sell it like you mean it.
Collect customer details with ease
Converse with your customers and collect leads as if having a conversation with an acquaintance.
Manage Sales on Facebook
Use planned marketing to convert visitors into customers, traffic into revenue and the awesome part is, you can still talk as if it were a normal conversation.
Share/Show your product or service catalog
You can now share product or service catalog with your own branding. Spam free since 2003!
Immediate lead engagement with live chat
Live chat on Facebook Messenger to immediately engage with your lead and help them reach their purchasing stage.
Unified Chat Inbox
Keep your customers happy with our awesome inbox, aka the unified inbox. Receive messages in just one inbox, from all platforms. Help your sales team pull through
Allow your customers to book appointment
Facebook automation helps you use Facebook Messenger as a booking platform to schedule appointments. Two birds, one stone.
Post sales follow ups -
Run re-engagement campaigns to stay in touch with your customers and nurture your customer relationships.
Sync your sales leads with your CRM:
Sync your sales leads with your CRM: Integrate with your CRM Keep the sales leads on the go with the CRM of your choice.
Get Started Free
Bring more Customer interactions on Facebook Messenger through AI Driven automation
BotPenguin can help your business offer customer support, gather feedback, enrich leads, schedule appointments and build customer trust through one integrated interface for your facebook customers.
Know more
Hire more with bulk messages to candidates on Facebook. Broadcasting is the way to go. Hire more for less work
Automate collection of resumes and candidate details form through facebook chatbot efficiently
Live chat with candidates on Facebook to conduct group interviews or just have an open discussion with them.
Book interview slots with candidates easily and quickly through facebook chatbot reducing human errors
Ensure you never miss sending an interview reminder by automating them through your facebook chatbot
Create a candidates database by summarizing applicants’ details and use it for sending broadcast or drip messages.
Set up your Shop with Facebook Ecommerce automation
From sending products catalog to order tracking, create your one stop
shop for all of your user’s needs.
Send Product Catalog
Offers and discounts
Recover abandoned carts (Icon and short text)
Discounts and Offers
Back in stock Alerts
Order Tracking
Facebook automates into a Realtor with BotPenguin
Give customers the option to call you whenever they want to
arrange a consultation or property viewing
Segment your customer based on Needs and readiness
Blast messages as soon as any new property comes up
Send regular reminders to hot lead with Drip Campaigns
Bulk messages campaigns
Integrate with your CRM
Live chat with your Facebook customers
Facebook Automation for Healthcare
Keep your users up to date with prescriptions, appointments
and the best help, just a text away.
Share listing of Available health facilities
Smart Appointment Slot management
Collect part or Full payment online of appointment
Reach out to potential customers on Facebook
Automated appointment booking
Appointment Booking reminders
Post consultation support
Facebook automation takes over EdTech
Answer admission queries, share student reports and book an
appointment with the experts for life changing insights.
Let parents book free demo’s
Capture admission intent and Initiate Admission
Collect Admission fee
Connect parents to the careers experts
Answer admission queries
Class reminders
Share Student reports
Oh wait, there’s more
Create and manage chat templates for future facebook campaigns
with our Facebook automation
The “No-code” way to Facebook automation
Facebook Messenger bot creation is easy with BotPenguin. Integrate and configure your chatbot without writing a single line of code. Design conversational flows and cater to the various needs of your business with ease. Redefine your business and adhere to the diverse needs of your customers with your conversational flows, created by you.
Customer engagement = Business growth
Your customers will LOVE BotPenguin’s instant responses to common queries. Enhance their customer experience with fast query redressal and transfers to human agents in the case of need. Boost your CSAT and NPS scores with Facebook integration.
Actionable analytics and insights
Make informed business decisions and keep track of your business KPIs with our advanced analytics. Use our in-built metrics to make informed business decisions!
BotPenguin loves integrating with CRM and
Customer Segmentation Tools. All Native.
Try out our native integrations. They are super useful and
plus you get them included in the bundle.
and more than 80 tools to integrate
Build your conversational chatbot today
FREE
What our Customers say
Delivering value, earning trust. Hear good words about
BotPenguin on these platforms
G2
"Their ability to execute in a timely manner. If you want to start an AI Chatbot business then this is the place. - They have a great work environment, and know how important it is to be efficient."
-
Gustav Louv
5-Star Rating
View More
Capterra
"We are using BotPenguin for our Facebook bots, responding to Facebook messages automatically. Currently handling millions of messages on a monthly basis and really great product."
-
Twana D.
4.6-Star Rating
View More
Trustpilot
"Its Whatsapp Automation with API is really practical for sales & marketing objective. If it comes with analytics about campaign result it will be awesome."
-
BD Michae
5-Star Rating
View More
Good Firms
"Their timely communication is the reason for the great project management. Our descriptions are precisely translated into needs by BotPenguin, and they possess the necessary skill set to execute features in a timely manner."
-
Yashi Amola
5-Star Rating
View More
Crozdesk
"The team at BotPenguin contributed knowledge not just about using Generative AI but also about how these technologies may be customized to meet our needs in the asset and wealth management industry. It was amazing how well they could convert difficult technical ideas into workable, approachable solutions. Furthermore, the team at BotPenguin has shown a remarkable capacity for creative problem-solving, as demonstrated by their approach to challenging project specifications."
-
Phil Johnson
5-Star Rating
View More
Are you ready to boost customer
engagement on Facebook?
Book a demo
BotPenguin is the best AI Chatbot maker platform. Create a Chatbot for WhatsApp, Website, Facebook Messenger, Telegram, WordPress & Shopify with BotPenguin - 100% FREE! Our chatbot creator helps with lead generation, appointment booking, customer support, marketing automation, WhatsApp & Facebook Automation for businesses. AI-powered No-Code chatbot maker with live chat plugin & ChatGPT integration.
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Partners
Whitelabel Partner
Whatsapp Whitelabel Partner
Implementation Partner
Affiliate Partner
Get Started
Chatbot For Ecommerce
Chatbot For Real Estate
Chatbot For Education
Chatbot For Travel
All Templates
Free Tools
WhatsApp Link Generator
WhatsApp QR Code Generator
OpenAI API Pricing Calculator
Chatbot ROI Calculator
All Free Tools
Integrations
ChatGPT
GoHighLevel
Bitrix 24
Zoho CRM
Zapier
All Integrations
Resources
Blogs
Glossary
Help Center
Write for us
Contact Us
What’s New
Product Updates
Comparisons
BotPenguin vs Manychat
BotPenguin vs Tidio
BotPenguin vs Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs Wati
BotPenguin vs Landbot
All Comparisons
Alternatives
What you get
Lead Generation Bot
Support Bot
Assistant Bot
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Get Started
Integrations
Comparisons
Partners
Free Tools
Resources
What you get
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Copyright © 2018 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All RightsReserved.