URL: https://botpenguin.com/chatbot-features
BotPenguin Chatbot Features & Benefits | No-code Chatbot Maker
Why BotPenguin
Product
Solutions
Pricing
Partners
Resources
Login
Get Started FREE
Integrations
Experience 80+ world-class integrations.
Key Features
Take your business to the next level with our awesome key features.
Live Chat
Stay in the loop with your clientele 24*7!
Unified Inbox
Serve your customers across all platforms.
Analytics
Speedtrack your growth with our top-of-the-line analytics tools!
Mobile App
Make, monitor, & manage your AI chatbots with our mobile app.
CHATBOT COMPARISONS
BotPenguin vs. Manychat
BotPenguin vs. Tidio
BotPenguin vs. Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs. Wati
BotPenguin vs. Interakt
BotPenguin vs. AiSensy
BotPenguin vs. Landbot
WHAT CAN IT DO?
Marketing Automation
Make marketing a boon from the automation gods!
FB Automation
Engage with your customers on a deeper level.
WhatsApp Automation
Get that nifty automation for WhatsApp too!
Appointment Bookings
No more delays, BotPenguin’s got you here!
Customer Support
Your customers are in for a treat with this automation.
Lead Generation
Gain more lead without any extra effort or expenses
WHO CAN USE IT?
Healthcare
Give your patients world-class healthcare service!
Education
Make admissions and automate processes in a jiffy!
E-commerce
Create the best E-commerce service with ease!
Real Estate
Make Real Estate great again with BotPenguin!
Consultants
Boost up with our one-stop marketing solution!
SaaS
Take your SAAS game to the next level with BotPenguin!
Tours & Travels
Provide extraordinary tour and travel services with BotPenguin!
Insurance
Launch AI-driven Insurance Bot to Promote, Sell, & Manage Policies.
WHERE CAN IT RUN?
Instagram Chatbot
Attract leads, boost sales, and chat 24/7 with Instagram Chatbots.
WhatsApp Chatbot
Start conversing like a real person with BotPenguin!
Telegram Chatbot
Cutting-edge features for you to grow your business on Telegram.
Facebook Chatbot
Do everything at once with BotPenguin on Facebook.
Websites Chatbot
BotPenguin grows your website and keeps your customers engaged.
Wordpress Chatbot
BotPenguin thrives on WordPress and makes it awesome.
Microsoft Teams Chatbot
Maximize your teams productivity with MS Teams Bot.
Shopify Chatbot
Boost your Shopify Business With BotPenguin’s AI-powered chatbot.
WooCommerce Chatbot
Sell effortlessly on your WooCommerce store with BotPenguin.
Squarespace Chatbot
Get the most out of Squarespace with BotPenguin
CUSTOM DEVELOPMENT
Whitelabel ChatGPT
Apply your branding on ChatGPT, Launch your own AI platform
ChatGPT Custom Plugins
Integrate your service straight into ChatGPT
Custom Chatbot Development
Build enterprise-grade chatbots with the best
ChatGPT Clone
Add functionality and branding on ChatGPT
HIRE DEVELOPERS
Chatbot Developers
Build Lighter, Faster, Smarter-Efficiently
ChatGPT Developers
Ride the GPT wave with trained surfers
ChatGPT Consultants
Advice that makes the difference in your AI journey
PARTNER PROGRAMS
Partners Home
Join hands with us, and welcome growth
WhatsApp Whitelabel Partners
Conquer the WhatsApp land with BotPenguin’s White Label Platform
Whitelabel Partners
Say hi to the best Whitelabel chatbot platform ever
Affiliate Partners
Earn more and keep your clients happier
Implementation Partners
As they say, a partner is worth trillions!
PARTNER PRICING
Whitelabel Chatbot Pricing
Our pricing for Whitelabel Chatbot
Implementation Partnership Pricing
Our pricing for Implementation Partnership
OUR RESOURCES
Blogs
Read the latest blogs on chatbots, AI, automations & more
Videos
Watch tutorials, webinars, and demos to master our chatbots.
Case Study
Read how BotPenguin transformed business communication
E-book
Explore e-books written by experts for all your business needs!
Help Docs
Find detailed guides and tips for all your chatbot needs.
Newsroom
Explore how BotPenguin is making headlines in the chatbot industry.
Community Support
Join our vibrant community to unlock exclusive content & expert guidance
LATEST BLOG
Why is BotPenguin the best platform to develop a chatbot?
Introducing ChatGPT 4o for BotPenguin
Create your first AI Chatbot
Get Started FREE
Experience the best Chatbot Features to elevate
your Business Communication
Leverage the endless potential of AI chatbot services to automate your business communication and provide
excellent support, generate double the lead, and boost your revenue exponentially.
Get Started FREE
FREE Forever plan. No Credit Card Required.
Trusted by
40,000+
Global Brands
The single chatbot platform to meet all your business needs
BotPenguin’s AI Chatbot was designed to ensure you can automate all your business communication,
providing excellent customer experience.
No-code Chatbot Builder
Speed up the process of chatbot creation with a no-code chatbot maker.
Intuitive Chatflow Visualizer
Understand and analyze the conversation flow with a user-friendly drag and drop chatflow creator.
Complete Customization
Match the chatbot’s look and feel to your brand with limitless customization options.
Conversational AI Capabilities
Please your clients with highly personalized and engaging conversations using AI Chatbot.
Personalized Chat Analytics
Monitor the performance of deployed chatbots efficiently with advanced reporting and dashboard.
Multilingual Capabilities
Engage with customers from all over the world in their native language.
The only Chatbot Maker that runs on all Platforms
Converse with your customers on the platform where they want to engage. Ensure your team never
misses out on any conversation using the ideal omnichannel AI chatbot builder.
Conversational landing page
Deploy dedicated chatbot on any desired landing page to boost conversions and ensure customer engagement.
Facebook Messenger Chatbot
Hold conversations that leave an everlasting impression on your customer’s mind by deploying AI chatbot on FB messenger.
WhatsApp chatbot
Install a chatbot for whatsapp to resolve queries and assist your customers instantly in the tone they want to converse in.
Telegram chatbot
Ensure availability on telegram to answer all customer queries around the clock on Telegram application.
Website Chatbot
Install AI chatbot personalized to your brand and style guidelines on your website within seconds for maximum lead generation.
Keep your audience engaged with Smart Conversational Abilities
Equip your customer support agents with features designed to make their work more efficient and
personalized to ensure every customer interaction results in business conversions!
Unified Chat Inbox
Receive all your customer and visitor queries from all platforms in one simple, easy-to-use console.
Live Chat
Enable live chat option so your customers can request human interaction if required.
Rich Media options
Let your users enjoy the experience of a lifetime with the help of GIFs, emojis, or images.
Typing indicator
Get a preview of customer messages before they send it so your agents can be ready to answer.
Saved Replies
Prepare and enable quick replies to commonly asked questions, saving time through pre-designed messages.
Manage Customer Details
Enrich your customer data by collecting all visitor details and managing them all in one dashboard.
Human and Bot Handover
Switch between human agent and chatbot swiftly depending upon the need of the conversation.
Seamless Team Management
Create effective time slots for your teams to have better chat routing, and decisions regarding support flows.
User Insights
Gain richer and personalized visitor insight for targeted campaigns and enhanced user experience.
Role Assignment
Simplify your team management by assigning certain roles to specific individuals.
Conversation History
Get access to all past conversations with a certain client to ensure the chat is personalized and relevant.
Assign Notes and Chat Tags
Tag conversations for ease of tracking and sorting. Keep hold of important details using notes.
Ratings
Understand the performance of your conversation flow by requesting rating from the clients.
Visitor Status and Chat Routing
Check whether a visitor is online or offline and assign conversations to available agents using simple chat routing.
Build AI Chatbot FREE
Deploy powerful chatbot with AI capabilities to achieve
the highest conversion rate
Beat the competitors with your personalized customer service using an AI chatbot
with advanced conversational abilities.
ChatGPT 4o Integration
Integrate the latest ChatGPT model with your chatbot effortlessly.
Train AI on your Data
Train your AI chatbot on customer data using documents, Google Docs, presentations, FAQs, and more.
Add Custom LLM
Equip the chatbot with a custom LLM of your choice for more effective conversations.
24/7 Support for Clients
Ensure constant availability of your chatbot for customers and converse according to their mood.
Chat with Contextual Data
Personalize the conversation on the client’s chat history to make them feel more welcome.
Create Chatbot with Custom AI Prompts
Use your prompt for designing your chatbot’s AI abilities according to your brand.
Give Chatbot Desired Personal
Choose the personality and tone of your AI chatbot platform according to your brand guidelines.
Gain maximum returns on Marketing Outreach Campaigns
Ensure you create and run campaigns that bring the desirable results using the features of the AI chatbot
platform designed to make marketing simple and quick.
Design marketing campaigns to connect with users through drip and broadcast messages.
Build a stronger customer base using marketing widgets like QR code, website bar, and more.
Import Facebook and WhatsApp contacts to create target audience groups for seamless engagement.
Segment audience easily based on user preferences and behavioral insights for targeted campaigns.
Boost customer satisfaction by providing instant replies to direct messages or comments on social media posts.
Send personalized product catalogs to your audience based on their preferences for increased conversions.
Gain maximum conversion rate with AI
Chatbot for Free!
Get Started FREE
Boost your Sales number using AI chatbot builder
BotPenguin is an all-in-one chatbot that helps you collect leads and push them further into the
sales funnel, improving the output of the work your sales team puts in.
Personalized Product Offering
Show recommended products that you want to share with your customers on your website based on their preferences.
Quality Lead Generation
Automatically capture leads and turn prospective business prospects into actual deals based on the client’s priority level.
Abandoned Cart Recovery
Ensure no customer missed out on buying the product they liked with timely and personalized cart reminders.
Customer Persona Generation
Create detailed customer profiles and journeys using quality information gathered across all platforms by the AI chatbot.
Customer Segmentation
Create unique customer segments which cater to a specific audience and give them a targeted customer experience.
Intuitive Conversations
Ensure every customer gets converted by enhancing conversations depending on the user’s mood.
Deliver exceptional Customer Support that ensures
customers keep returning
Automate your customer support for an instant and responsive service that
elevates your customer experience.
24/7 Customer Assistance
Ensure every customer across all platforms receives instant and efficient automated support.
Train AI Chatbot
Train chatbot on conversation history and FAQs to handle customer queries accurately and within seconds.
Timely Order Updates
Automate answers to common queries like order status and expected delivery dates by training your chatbot.
Understand User Mood
Personalize the conversation by adapting to the tone and mood of the customer and answering accordingly.
Instant Live Chat Support
Easily transfer a conversation to an agent for queries that require human intervention to ensure customer satisfaction.
Interactive Conversations
Enhance user experience using GIFs, images, landing page links, and videos through AI chatbot.
Optimize the AI Chatbot to meet all your needs with 80+
Integrations and Custom Configurations
Supercharge your AI chatbot platform with all the features you need on demand on top of
endless options provided by BotPenguin.
Marketing Tools
Transfer the data of the customers to your desired analytics or marketing tools for seamless analysis and database management.
Native CRM Integration
Ensure all your customer data is collected and stays in one place by integrating your desired CRM with the chatbot.
Ticketing systems
Provide excellent support to both teams and customers with our indigenious ticketing system integrations.
Get a free demo today
Advanced AI Chatbot designed to meet
every Industry’s Needs
Enhance customer satisfaction across all industries with the only chatbot platform
configured to meet all industry demands.
Ecommerce
Create best marketing campaigns, show personalized products, track orders, and provide accurate support.
Healthcare
Send follow-up reminders, book appointments, broadcast offers, and provide tracking of prescriptions by the doctors.
Customer Service
Provide support exceeding client expectations by using automation tools designed to allow quick query resolution.
Tour and Travels
Let your customers book tours and travel effortlessly with easier access to downloadable tickets and guides.
Education
Create a better education ecosystem by automating admissions, counseling, and appointment bookings.
Insurance
Answer policy queries, process insurance claims quickly, and ensure instant claim settlement with an AI chatbot.
Human Resources
Let the hiring be simple and quick by helping the HR department find the perfect candidate efficiently.
Design and Deploy the chatbot instantly across any platform
Enjoy effortless and swift installation of chatbots in a few clicks using pre-built functionalities.
Install the chatbot plugin on the website with just a simple line of code.
Use WordPress plugin to make it a quick and easy integration.
Use the Shopify app integration to provide your customer an easy and seamless purchasing experience.
Create a WhatsApp Business Profile and deploy the AI chatbot on it within seconds.
Frequently Asked Questions
What are the key features to look for in a chatbot?
An AI chatbot includes features like a no-code builder, omnichannel support, rich media options, deep analytics, and multilingual capabilities. These advanced chatbot features enhance customer engagement and automation.
Can chatbots work across multiple platforms?
Yes, chatbots offer omnichannel presence on platforms like Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp, Telegram, and websites. This allows businesses to engage with customers on their preferred platforms using a unified chatbot solution.
How can a chatbot for customer support help my business?
Chatbot features enable 24/7 support, manage live chat, handle FAQs, and streamline conversations through features like saved replies and conversation history.
What features can a marketing chatbot offer to my business?
Chatbots support drip campaigns, broadcast messaging, and personalized communication across Facebook, WhatsApp, and Telegram. With customer segmentation, they make targeted marketing easy and efficient.
Should I deploy an ecommerce chatbot to boost my sales?
Yes, chatbots can handle product recommendations, abandoned cart recovery, and lead generation. These chatbot features enhance the eCommerce customer experience and boost conversion rates.
What our Customers say
Delivering value, earning trust. Hear good words about
BotPenguin on these platforms
G2
"Their ability to execute in a timely manner. If you want to start an AI Chatbot business then this is the place. - They have a great work environment, and know how important it is to be efficient."
-
Gustav Louv
5-Star Rating
View More
Capterra
"We are using BotPenguin for our Facebook bots, responding to Facebook messages automatically. Currently handling millions of messages on a monthly basis and really great product."
-
Twana D.
4.6-Star Rating
View More
Trustpilot
"Its Whatsapp Automation with API is really practical for sales & marketing objective. If it comes with analytics about campaign result it will be awesome."
-
BD Michae
5-Star Rating
View More
Good Firms
"Their timely communication is the reason for the great project management. Our descriptions are precisely translated into needs by BotPenguin, and they possess the necessary skill set to execute features in a timely manner."
-
Yashi Amola
5-Star Rating
View More
Crozdesk
"The team at BotPenguin contributed knowledge not just about using Generative AI but also about how these technologies may be customized to meet our needs in the asset and wealth management industry. It was amazing how well they could convert difficult technical ideas into workable, approachable solutions. Furthermore, the team at BotPenguin has shown a remarkable capacity for creative problem-solving, as demonstrated by their approach to challenging project specifications."
-
Phil Johnson
5-Star Rating
View More
Skyrocket your Conversion Rate with
Multi-functional AI Chatbot
Get Started FREE
BotPenguin is the best AI Chatbot maker platform. Create a Chatbot for WhatsApp, Website, Facebook Messenger, Telegram, WordPress & Shopify with BotPenguin - 100% FREE! Our chatbot creator helps with lead generation, appointment booking, customer support, marketing automation, WhatsApp & Facebook Automation for businesses. AI-powered No-Code chatbot maker with live chat plugin & ChatGPT integration.
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Partners
Whitelabel Partner
Whatsapp Whitelabel Partner
Implementation Partner
Affiliate Partner
Get Started
Chatbot For Ecommerce
Chatbot For Real Estate
Chatbot For Education
Chatbot For Travel
All Templates
Free Tools
WhatsApp Link Generator
WhatsApp QR Code Generator
OpenAI API Pricing Calculator
Chatbot ROI Calculator
All Free Tools
Integrations
ChatGPT
GoHighLevel
Bitrix 24
Zoho CRM
Zapier
All Integrations
Resources
Blogs
Glossary
Help Center
Write for us
Contact Us
What’s New
Product Updates
Comparisons
BotPenguin vs Manychat
BotPenguin vs Tidio
BotPenguin vs Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs Wati
BotPenguin vs Landbot
All Comparisons
Alternatives
What you get
Lead Generation Bot
Support Bot
Assistant Bot
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Get Started
Integrations
Comparisons
Partners
Free Tools
Resources
What you get
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Copyright © 2018 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All RightsReserved.