URL: https://botpenguin.com/blogs/how-to-build-a-chatbot-using-machine-learning
How To Build a Chatbot Using Machine Learning?
Why BotPenguin
Product
Solutions
Pricing
Partners
Resources
Login
Get Started FREE
Integrations
Experience 80+ world-class integrations.
Key Features
Take your business to the next level with our awesome key features.
Live Chat
Stay in the loop with your clientele 24*7!
Unified Inbox
Serve your customers across all platforms.
Analytics
Speedtrack your growth with our top-of-the-line analytics tools!
Mobile App
Make, monitor, & manage your AI chatbots with our mobile app.
CHATBOT COMPARISONS
BotPenguin vs. Manychat
BotPenguin vs. Tidio
BotPenguin vs. Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs. Wati
BotPenguin vs. Interakt
BotPenguin vs. AiSensy
BotPenguin vs. Landbot
WHAT CAN IT DO?
Marketing Automation
Make marketing a boon from the automation gods!
FB Automation
Engage with your customers on a deeper level.
WhatsApp Automation
Get that nifty automation for WhatsApp too!
Appointment Bookings
No more delays, BotPenguin’s got you here!
Customer Support
Your customers are in for a treat with this automation.
Lead Generation
Gain more lead without any extra effort or expenses
WHO CAN USE IT?
Healthcare
Give your patients world-class healthcare service!
Education
Make admissions and automate processes in a jiffy!
E-commerce
Create the best E-commerce service with ease!
Real Estate
Make Real Estate great again with BotPenguin!
Consultants
Boost up with our one-stop marketing solution!
SaaS
Take your SAAS game to the next level with BotPenguin!
Tours & Travels
Provide extraordinary tour and travel services with BotPenguin!
Insurance
Launch AI-driven Insurance Bot to Promote, Sell, & Manage Policies.
WHERE CAN IT RUN?
Instagram Chatbot
Attract leads, boost sales, and chat 24/7 with Instagram Chatbots.
WhatsApp Chatbot
Start conversing like a real person with BotPenguin!
Telegram Chatbot
Cutting-edge features for you to grow your business on Telegram.
Facebook Chatbot
Do everything at once with BotPenguin on Facebook.
Websites Chatbot
BotPenguin grows your website and keeps your customers engaged.
Wordpress Chatbot
BotPenguin thrives on WordPress and makes it awesome.
Microsoft Teams Chatbot
Maximize your teams productivity with MS Teams Bot.
Shopify Chatbot
Boost your Shopify Business With BotPenguin’s AI-powered chatbot.
WooCommerce Chatbot
Sell effortlessly on your WooCommerce store with BotPenguin.
Squarespace Chatbot
Get the most out of Squarespace with BotPenguin
CUSTOM DEVELOPMENT
Whitelabel ChatGPT
Apply your branding on ChatGPT, Launch your own AI platform
ChatGPT Custom Plugins
Integrate your service straight into ChatGPT
Custom Chatbot Development
Build enterprise-grade chatbots with the best
ChatGPT Clone
Add functionality and branding on ChatGPT
HIRE DEVELOPERS
Chatbot Developers
Build Lighter, Faster, Smarter-Efficiently
ChatGPT Developers
Ride the GPT wave with trained surfers
ChatGPT Consultants
Advice that makes the difference in your AI journey
PARTNER PROGRAMS
Partners Home
Join hands with us, and welcome growth
WhatsApp Whitelabel Partners
Conquer the WhatsApp land with BotPenguin’s White Label Platform
Whitelabel Partners
Say hi to the best Whitelabel chatbot platform ever
Affiliate Partners
Earn more and keep your clients happier
Implementation Partners
As they say, a partner is worth trillions!
PARTNER PRICING
Whitelabel Chatbot Pricing
Our pricing for Whitelabel Chatbot
Implementation Partnership Pricing
Our pricing for Implementation Partnership
OUR RESOURCES
Blogs
Read the latest blogs on chatbots, AI, automations & more
Videos
Watch tutorials, webinars, and demos to master our chatbots.
Case Study
Read how BotPenguin transformed business communication
E-book
Explore e-books written by experts for all your business needs!
Help Docs
Find detailed guides and tips for all your chatbot needs.
Newsroom
Explore how BotPenguin is making headlines in the chatbot industry.
Community Support
Join our vibrant community to unlock exclusive content & expert guidance
LATEST BLOG
Why is BotPenguin the best platform to develop a chatbot?
Introducing ChatGPT 4o for BotPenguin
Create your first AI Chatbot
Get Started FREE
All blogs
How To Build a Chatbot Using Machine Learning?
Chatbot
Updated at Aug 5, 2024
8 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Try BotPenguin
Table of Contents
What is Chatbot Machine Learning?
How to Build Chatbot Using Machine Learning?
How to improve the Chatbot's Database consistently?
Conclusion
Share
Link copied
Are you interested in developing a chatbot for your company? It is unsurprising. After all, chatbots are the latest version of AI. In Facebook Messenger, you'll see them quite frequently. As per the Facebook report, there are over 300,000 active chatbots on Facebook Messenger. It is a massive number for a technology that only gained traction a few years ago. Chatbots are appearing on a growing number of business websites, not just on Facebook Messenger. It is because the barriers that previously prevented people from using chatbots are being dismantled.
Customers are increasingly comfortable interacting with chatbots. According to a recent Drift survey, in 2019 only 38% of people said they prefer to talk to humans when interacting with a brand. It is down from 43% the year before. The remaining 62% of customers are pleased with chatbot assistance. But first, let's define what a machine-learning chatbot is and how you can use one for your business
What is Chatbot Machine Learning?
If you've heard of chatbots and how they work, you've probably also heard of machine learning. Machine learning, to be precise, is a critical component of a chatbot's ability to function 24 hours a day, seven days a week. It goes without saying that the future of chatbots depends upon machine learning.
But, more importantly, do you have any knowledge of chatbot machine learning?
Chatbot machine learning refers to a chatbot that is created using machine learning algorithms. Chatbots learn from the inputted data. Like a machine, learning codes fill the detail of data and human-to-human dialogues.
Thanks to machine learning, chatbots can train to develop consciousness, and you can also teach them to converse with people. The ability of chatbots to drive human-to-human conversations is one of the main reasons they have become so popular in the market. However, all of the tricks used to bring up a chatbot are dependent on the datasets and algorithms used. The more datasets you have, the more effective machine learning will be, and the more conversational chatbot you'll be able to create.
How to Build Chatbot Using Machine Learning?
When developing a chatbot, your sole goal should be to create a product that requires little or no human intervention. The steps below will help you in creating a deep learning chatbot.
1. Accumulating data
The preparation of data is the first step in any machine-learning process. Previous customer interactions can be used to train your chatbot in the same way. These data sets must be detailed and varied. They must include human interactions and all of the popular conversational topics. The central idea is that your chatbot machine learning requires data points. The process is known as data ontology creation, and the only goal is to collect as much data from interactions as possible.
Reshaping the data
Although it is not required, you may need to separate and reshape your data into single rows of insights and observations depending on your data source. Message-response pairs are added to a classifier in this way. The main point of this discussion is to establish a response to a conversation. Following that, all incoming dialogues will be used as textual indicators to predict the chatbot's answer to a question.
When creating this message-to-message board, you may want to impose some limitations, such as limiting the conversation to two people only, assigning individual messages sent to a collective unit, and requiring a response to a message within five minutes. Upon reforming the message onboard, the conversation will appear to be a genuine conversation like two humans, eliminating the chatbot's machine aspect.
When creating this message-to-message board, you may want to impose some limitations, such as limiting the conversation to two people only, assigning individual messages sent to a collective unit, and requiring a response to a message within five minutes. After the completion of the onboarding message, a genuine conversation appears between two humans. It eliminates the feeling of talking to a chatbot's machine.
2. Adding language to your chatbot
Pre-processing is the process of teaching your chatbot the nuances of the English language while keeping in mind the regional dialect and paying close attention to grammar, spelling, punctuation, and notations. As a result, the chatbot could respond to questions that were grammatically incorrect by interpreting the context.
Tokenizing, stemming, and lemmatizing of the chats are some of the sub-processes involved in this process. In layman's terms, this process entails using machine learning features to improve the readability quotient of chatbots. In this step, you'll use various tools to process the data you've gathered, create parse trees for the chats, and use Machine Learning to improve the technical language.
3. Select the type of chatbot:
After you've gathered, refined, and formatted your data, you'll need to think about what kind of chatbot you want to build. These chatbots are available in two types:
Generative chatbot:
This chatbot type, based on the Generative model, does not use a conversational repository. It is a more advanced type of chatbot that responds to user queries using Machine Learning. The majority of modern chatbots use the generative model. As a result, they can respond to almost any question. Furthermore, they include the human quotient in their discussions. As a result, a chatbot with deep learning is more adaptable to its customers' questions, but it should not be mistaken for imitating human conversation patterns. Initial chatbot developers will find that perfecting their art of chatbot development using this model is a time-consuming task that will require years of Machine Learning research.
Retrieval-based chatbot
To answer questions, this type of chatbot consults a predefined database. These can only answer a limited number of questions and can answer the same question twice. However, for the chatbot to comply, you must choose a response system. As it consults a database for user questions and responds accordingly, a retrieval-model-based chatbot rarely makes mistakes. However, it has limitations in that it cannot answer tough questions and may not appear human-like. Because retrieval chatbots are easy to code and create, most websites use them to simulate live agent interactions. Although such a chatbot keeps track of a user's previous messages, it can only respond to straightforward questions.
4. Develop word vectors
Popular acronyms such as LOL, LMAO, TTYL, and others are used as word vectors. These aren't included in any conversation datasets, but they're widely used on social media and other private conversations. You can either make your list of word vectors or use online tools to do it for you. These word vectors were created using deep learning python as the programming language.
5. Creating a Seq2Seq Model
This step requires someone familiar with Python and TensorFlow. You'll need to write a Python script for your machine-learning chatbot to create a seq2seq model. You can use the TensorFlow function once you've learned how to do so.
6. Track the Development of your Chatbot
Track your chatbot's training process after creating a Seq2Seq model. You can examine your chatbot at various points along the input string, test their outputs in response to specific questions about your company, and improve the chatbot's structure in the process. With practice, a chatbot with deep learning will finish sentences while adhering to the rules of spelling, grammar, and punctuation.
7. Launch the Chatbot
You must launch the chatbot at a location where it can interact with people after feeding it data and testing it using the Seq2Seq model. You now have two options: either launch on the app or the website. You can soft launch it to a select group of people who interact with the chatbot and test its answering and response capabilities. Create a folder, install Node, and start working on your new Node project. Install the other Node dependencies if necessary.
8. Test your Machine-Learning chatbot
The final step is testing your chatbot machine learning and evaluating its market success, probably one of the tensest and most stressful situations for a developer. You must determine its conversational model and test the chatbot against the following objectives:
Testing the Seq2Seq evaluation sequence score for BLEU
The accuracy and precision of the chatbot model
The value of a generative model-based chatbot
You can compare the chatbot's responses to the target above metrics with human judgments of the appropriateness of the response provided in a given context. Wrong answers or unrelated responses result in a low score, prompting new databases to the system.
How to improve the Chatbot's Database consistently?
After interacting with your chatbot machine learning, you will gain tremendous insights in terms of improvement, resulting in compelling conversations. One way to improve your conversational skills and provide various answers in response to queries based on scenarios is to add more datasets to your chatbot.
A chatbot should be able to tell the difference between multiple conversations with the same person. For the best, take care of the encoder and decoder messages and their correlation to accomplish this. Hyperparameters such as LSTM layers, LSTM units, training iterations, optimizer selection, and so on can be added to it.
Conclusion
Many organizations are undergoing significant structural changes as a result of chatbots. A chatbot powered by artificial intelligence can help with sales and customer service.
Machine learning
and Artificial intelligence are rapidly evolving, and chatbots will follow suit in the coming years. You'll be able to resolve customer queries faster and more effectively with machine-learning chatbots.
BotPenguin is an AI-based chatbot creation platform. When you create a
chatbot
using BotPenguin, you give your company the ability to provide excellent customer service. With the availability 24 hours a day, seven days a week, without hiring additional employees.
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Get the latest business insights straight into your inbox.
Email
Enter your email address
*
Subscribe Now
Keep Reading, Keep Growing
Checkout our related blogs you will love.
A Comprehensive Guide to AI Agentic Workflow for Businesses
Updated at Oct 31, 2024
12 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Exploring the Best Drift Alternatives for 2024: A Comprehensive Guide
Updated at Oct 29, 2024
8 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Best Intercom Alternatives for 2024: A Comprehensive Guide
Updated at Oct 28, 2024
5 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Table of Contents
What is Chatbot Machine Learning?
How to Build Chatbot Using Machine Learning?
How to improve the Chatbot's Database consistently?
Conclusion
BotPenguin is the best AI Chatbot maker platform. Create a Chatbot for WhatsApp, Website, Facebook Messenger, Telegram, WordPress & Shopify with BotPenguin - 100% FREE! Our chatbot creator helps with lead generation, appointment booking, customer support, marketing automation, WhatsApp & Facebook Automation for businesses. AI-powered No-Code chatbot maker with live chat plugin & ChatGPT integration.
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Partners
Whitelabel Partner
Whatsapp Whitelabel Partner
Implementation Partner
Affiliate Partner
Get Started
Chatbot For Ecommerce
Chatbot For Real Estate
Chatbot For Education
Chatbot For Travel
All Templates
Free Tools
WhatsApp Link Generator
WhatsApp QR Code Generator
OpenAI API Pricing Calculator
Chatbot ROI Calculator
All Free Tools
Integrations
ChatGPT
GoHighLevel
Bitrix 24
Zoho CRM
Zapier
All Integrations
Resources
Blogs
Glossary
Help Center
Write for us
Contact Us
What’s New
Product Updates
Comparisons
BotPenguin vs Manychat
BotPenguin vs Tidio
BotPenguin vs Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs Wati
BotPenguin vs Landbot
All Comparisons
Alternatives
What you get
Lead Generation Bot
Support Bot
Assistant Bot
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Get Started
Integrations
Comparisons
Partners
Free Tools
Resources
What you get
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Copyright © 2018 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All RightsReserved.