URL: https://botpenguin.com/platform/chatbot-for-facebook
FREE Messenger Chatbot Maker Platform | Create Facebook bot
Why BotPenguin
Product
Solutions
Pricing
Partners
Resources
Login
Get Started FREE
Integrations
Experience 80+ world-class integrations.
Key Features
Take your business to the next level with our awesome key features.
Live Chat
Stay in the loop with your clientele 24*7!
Unified Inbox
Serve your customers across all platforms.
Analytics
Speedtrack your growth with our top-of-the-line analytics tools!
Mobile App
Make, monitor, & manage your AI chatbots with our mobile app.
CHATBOT COMPARISONS
BotPenguin vs. Manychat
BotPenguin vs. Tidio
BotPenguin vs. Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs. Wati
BotPenguin vs. Interakt
BotPenguin vs. AiSensy
BotPenguin vs. Landbot
WHAT CAN IT DO?
Marketing Automation
Make marketing a boon from the automation gods!
FB Automation
Engage with your customers on a deeper level.
WhatsApp Automation
Get that nifty automation for WhatsApp too!
Appointment Bookings
No more delays, BotPenguin’s got you here!
Customer Support
Your customers are in for a treat with this automation.
Lead Generation
Gain more lead without any extra effort or expenses
WHO CAN USE IT?
Healthcare
Give your patients world-class healthcare service!
Education
Make admissions and automate processes in a jiffy!
E-commerce
Create the best E-commerce service with ease!
Real Estate
Make Real Estate great again with BotPenguin!
Consultants
Boost up with our one-stop marketing solution!
SaaS
Take your SAAS game to the next level with BotPenguin!
Tours & Travels
Provide extraordinary tour and travel services with BotPenguin!
Insurance
Launch AI-driven Insurance Bot to Promote, Sell, & Manage Policies.
WHERE CAN IT RUN?
Instagram Chatbot
Attract leads, boost sales, and chat 24/7 with Instagram Chatbots.
WhatsApp Chatbot
Start conversing like a real person with BotPenguin!
Telegram Chatbot
Cutting-edge features for you to grow your business on Telegram.
Facebook Chatbot
Do everything at once with BotPenguin on Facebook.
Websites Chatbot
BotPenguin grows your website and keeps your customers engaged.
Wordpress Chatbot
BotPenguin thrives on WordPress and makes it awesome.
Microsoft Teams Chatbot
Maximize your teams productivity with MS Teams Bot.
Shopify Chatbot
Boost your Shopify Business With BotPenguin’s AI-powered chatbot.
WooCommerce Chatbot
Sell effortlessly on your WooCommerce store with BotPenguin.
Squarespace Chatbot
Get the most out of Squarespace with BotPenguin
CUSTOM DEVELOPMENT
Whitelabel ChatGPT
Apply your branding on ChatGPT, Launch your own AI platform
ChatGPT Custom Plugins
Integrate your service straight into ChatGPT
Custom Chatbot Development
Build enterprise-grade chatbots with the best
ChatGPT Clone
Add functionality and branding on ChatGPT
HIRE DEVELOPERS
Chatbot Developers
Build Lighter, Faster, Smarter-Efficiently
ChatGPT Developers
Ride the GPT wave with trained surfers
ChatGPT Consultants
Advice that makes the difference in your AI journey
PARTNER PROGRAMS
Partners Home
Join hands with us, and welcome growth
WhatsApp Whitelabel Partners
Conquer the WhatsApp land with BotPenguin’s White Label Platform
Whitelabel Partners
Say hi to the best Whitelabel chatbot platform ever
Affiliate Partners
Earn more and keep your clients happier
Implementation Partners
As they say, a partner is worth trillions!
PARTNER PRICING
Whitelabel Chatbot Pricing
Our pricing for Whitelabel Chatbot
Implementation Partnership Pricing
Our pricing for Implementation Partnership
OUR RESOURCES
Blogs
Read the latest blogs on chatbots, AI, automations & more
Videos
Watch tutorials, webinars, and demos to master our chatbots.
Case Study
Read how BotPenguin transformed business communication
E-book
Explore e-books written by experts for all your business needs!
Help Docs
Find detailed guides and tips for all your chatbot needs.
Newsroom
Explore how BotPenguin is making headlines in the chatbot industry.
Community Support
Join our vibrant community to unlock exclusive content & expert guidance
LATEST BLOG
Why is BotPenguin the best platform to develop a chatbot?
Introducing ChatGPT 4o for BotPenguin
Create your first AI Chatbot
Get Started FREE
Automate customer interactions with AI chatbot for Facebook
Tap into the vast customer base on Facebook with our AI chatbot. Be on their mind 24/7 with broadcast and dripcampaigns, capture and qualify leads, assist with support & shopping assistance, and auto-reply to comments.
Get Started
FREE
FREE Forever plan. No Credit Card Required.
Trusted by
40,000+
Global Brands
Turn Your Facebook Followers & Friends Into Fortunes.
Your Facebook Messenger bot has dozens of features to automate and elevate customer interactions with
broadcast & sequencing campaigns, auto-reply to comments, and facilitate sales.
Train Your Facebook Bot
You can train your AI Messenger chatbot to serve your goals with web scrapping, custom data sets, FAQs, and customer interactions.
Comments Auto-Reply
Set up an auto-reply to comments to engage your users automatically after a certain duration. Program a universal reply and flow for user nurturing.
Display Your Bot Widget
Display your Facebook Chatbot’s widget on your site, app, or any other system. Also, use QR codes and links to redirect users to your bot.
Drip & Broadcasts
Use the chatbot for Facebook to schedule broadcasts and drip campaigns, automate your marketing efforts, and regularly engage your audience.
Conditional Chat Flows
Using a visual flow builder, create an ideal flow for your Facebook bot and trigger it to complete your chatbot’s conversion targets.
Keyword and Time-Based Triggers
Select keywords and time-based triggers, after which the chat flow will restart automatically to engage the users & increase their conversion rates.
Book a demo
3.07Bn
Active Users
190
Countries
111
Languages
Reach your customers on scale, save on cost and time
Get Facebook Messenger Chatbot With Finest Marketing Automation
Customers love talking to brands! Reach out to your prospects 24/7! Give intelligent answers to simple
questions instantly and build trust with high availability
Multiple widgets
Direct your customers to the preferred Facebook Messenger chatbot using ads, FB bot buttons, website widgets, QR codes, and URLs.
Drip Campaigns
You can boost engagement and market your products & services automatically using drip campaigns for giving offers and promos.
Bulk Message Campaigns
Schedule bulk messaging campaigns using your Messenger Chatbot. Nurture your huge customer base effortlessly.
Send Facebook Messenger Notifications
Send your users notifications for new products, services, abandoned carts, order status, or any custom status.
Integrate with Marketing Tools
Further automate your marketing by integrating your Facebook chatbot with 80+ tools, including HubSpot, Salesforce, GoHighLevel, etc.
Create FB Marketing Bots
Deploy an AI Chatbot for Facebook Lead Generation
Use Facebook bots to grow your email list at light speed. Build effortless interactions to capture and qualify
leads automatically.
Collect Customer Details
Talk to your customers and gather leads as though you were chatting with a friend.
Show Your Catalog
Build a chatbot for Facebook with your branding and share the product or service catalogs with curious customers.
Engage with Live Chat
Use the Facebook chatbot to manage your live chat requests & talk to your customers in real-time, providing a helpful interaction.
Unified Chat Inbox
Use our unified inbox to access messages from all platforms in one place. Easily managing & resolving conversations.
Appointment Booking
Integrate your chatbot for Facebook with Simplybook, Google Calendar, and Calendly to automate appointment booking.
Integrate with your CRM
Connect your Facebook bot with your preferred CRM tool using native integrations and seamlessly transfer the captured lead data.
Deploy Generative AI Chatbots for Facebook
with a No-Code Chatbot Builder
Create Facebook AI Bots
Get a Customer Service Chatbot for Facebook
Add an AI-powered Facebook bot to provide excellent customer support 24/7. Increase satisfaction and
engagement rates across your customer base.
Personalized messages
Send out personalized welcome messages to your clients. Personalized welcome messages allow you to greet your customers just as you would in person.
Track Customer Journey
Your Messenger chatbot tracks key details like visited pages, contact info, device details, etc., to help you understand your customers better.
Answer FAQs
Enhance customer service by training Messenger Chatbot on FAQs, data sets, website URLs, and previous interactions.
Integrate with the Ticketing System
Manage and handle our awesome ticketing system well, and reroute inquiries to manage customer assistance much more easily.
Live Chat with Human Handover
Use our AI live chat application to make your customers feel at ease with real-time support. Plus, you can take over the chat to handle complex requests.
Send Facebook Notifications
Send out alerts and notifications to customers about a new product or service, return/order requests, or any custom issue.
Integrate with Marketing Tools
Further automate your marketing by integrating your Facebook chatbot with 80+ tools, including HubSpot, Salesforce, GoHighLevel, etc.
Streamline Your Hiring Process With an AI Chatbot for Facebook
Human resources agents can automate talent hiring with a chatbot for Facebook. They can focus on complex tasks
while letting the chatbot handle the bulk of the work.
Send Bulk Messages
Efficiently reach out to potential candidates and reduce workload by leveraging chatbot broadcasting capabilities.
Document Sharing
Simplify the submission process by allowing candidates to upload resumes, portfolios, or relevant documents directly through the chatbot.
Live chat
Conduct panel interviews and engage in general discussions with candidates using our live chat feature.
Interview Booking
Easily schedule and manage interview slots with the help of Facebook Bot, eliminating the need for additional scheduling tools.
Send Facebook Notifications
Keep candidates informed about new job opportunities, services, or any other relevant information through automated alerts and notifications.ngs
Make Your Facebook Chatbot’s Messages
More Interactive
Break the norm and add cool images, videos, and buttons to provide an immersive experience
to your Facebook bot users.
Images
Enhance communication with your users by sharing fun images and memes during chats.
Card and Carousel
Make information easily accessible and visually engaging by organizing content into cards and carousels.
Buttons
Replace long text responses with interactive buttons that can trigger actions directly from the chat.
Quick replies
Streamline chat interactions with pre-written responses to common questions, reducing response time.
Templates
Save time designing chat flows and utilize pre-made templates that convey a deeper level of meaning to your users.
Create Tailored Facebook Chatbots for
Your Specific Business Use Case
Launch In Minutes
Create a Chatbot for Facebook without Coding
Creating a Facebook Messenger bot is as easy as 1-2-3!BotPenguin will help you create
a Facebook Messenger bot in minutes!
Send Product Catalog
Recover Abandoned Carts
Discounts and Offers
Back in stock Alerts
Order Tracking
Wishlist and Favorite Items
Performance Analytics
Get a Demo
Use Chatbot for Facebook to Master
the Real Estate Biz
Give clients the option to contact you whenever they desire
to set up a consultation or realty viewing
Property Search and Listings
Notify them About New Deals
Booking for Property Viewing
Property Valuation Assistance
Integration with CRM Systems
Live Chat with Your Telegram Customers
Facebook Chatbot: Your Customers’ Personal
Health Assistant
Provide quality Healthcare with a Chatbot for Facebook Keep your users informed with prescriptions, appointments, and
the best assistance available right away.
Automated Appointment Booking
Send Patient Reports
Post Consultation Support
Collect Payments
Medication Reminders
Health Monitoring and Analytics
Personalized Health Insights
Become the Leading Ed-Tech Provider with a Chatbot for Facebook
Serve your students better. Answer admission queries, give class reminders, and share student reports effortlessly with
our chatbot for Facebook.
Answer admission queries
Class reminders
Share Student Reports
Stay in Touch with Students
Interactive Learning Modules
Feedback and Improvement System
Learning Management Systems Integration
Why Choose BotPenguin’s AI Chatbot for Facebook
We knew you’d want more, and we expect no less. You can tailor your
Facebook bot to fulfill your specific business needs.
Approved chat templates
No coding required
80+ Native Integrations
Customer Analytics
Facebook Quick replies
Facebook Website Widgets, Links, & QR codes
Frequently Asked Questions
How do I enable a chatbot on Facebook?
To enable a chatbot on Facebook, you can use platforms like BotPenguin. Simply create a new bot, connect it to your Facebook page, and customize the chatflow. Deploy the chatbot using website widgets, QR codes, or links to redirect users to your chatbot.
What is the best AI Facebook chatbot out there?
BotPenguin is a highly recommended AI chatbot platform for Facebook. It provides seamless integration, easy setup, and a range of features such as personalized messages, customer journey tracking, and integration with CRM tools.
What is the best free chatbot for Facebook Messenger?
BotPenguin offers a FREE Forever Plan with no credit card required, making it an excellent choice for a free chatbot for Facebook Messenger. You get all the basic features to test the platform.
Can you use ChatGPT for Messenger?
ChatGPT can be used for Messenger by integrating it with a chatbot platform like BotPenguin. However, ChatGPT itself is a language model and needs to be integrated into a chatbot platform to function as a chatbot.
Can you create a booking system on Facebook?
Yes, you can create a booking system on Facebook using chatbot platforms like BotPenguin. By integrating with tools like Simplybook.me or Google Calendar, you can automate appointment bookings, schedule classes, sessions, and send event notifications.
Is appointment booking available in Facebook chatbot?
Yes, appointment booking is available in Facebook chatbots. With platforms like BotPenguin, you can integrate your chatbot with popular booking systems like Simplybook.me or Google Calendar to automate appointment scheduling.
Can you automate Facebook messages?
Yes, you can automate Facebook messages using chatbot platforms like BotPenguin. You can set up auto-reply to comments, create drip campaigns, schedule broadcasts, and automate marketing efforts to engage your audience.
Is there a free chatbot for Facebook automation?
Yes, BotPenguin offers a FREE Forever Plan with no credit card required, making it an excellent choice for free chatbot automation on Facebook.
Can you collect payments using a chatbot for Facebook Messenger?
Yes, you can collect payments using a chatbot for Facebook Messenger. By integrating your chatbot with payment gateways like Stripe or PayPal, you can enable users to make payments directly through the chatbot interface.
What our Customers say
Delivering value, earning trust. Hear good words about
BotPenguin on these platforms
G2
"Their ability to execute in a timely manner. If you want to start an AI Chatbot business then this is the place. - They have a great work environment, and know how important it is to be efficient."
-
Gustav Louv
5-Star Rating
View More
Capterra
"We are using BotPenguin for our Facebook bots, responding to Facebook messages automatically. Currently handling millions of messages on a monthly basis and really great product."
-
Twana D.
4.6-Star Rating
View More
Trustpilot
"Its Whatsapp Automation with API is really practical for sales & marketing objective. If it comes with analytics about campaign result it will be awesome."
-
BD Michae
5-Star Rating
View More
Good Firms
"Their timely communication is the reason for the great project management. Our descriptions are precisely translated into needs by BotPenguin, and they possess the necessary skill set to execute features in a timely manner."
-
Yashi Amola
5-Star Rating
View More
Crozdesk
"The team at BotPenguin contributed knowledge not just about using Generative AI but also about how these technologies may be customized to meet our needs in the asset and wealth management industry. It was amazing how well they could convert difficult technical ideas into workable, approachable solutions. Furthermore, the team at BotPenguin has shown a remarkable capacity for creative problem-solving, as demonstrated by their approach to challenging project specifications."
-
Phil Johnson
5-Star Rating
View More
Launch Your Chatbot for Facebook in Minutes
Book a demo
BotPenguin is the best AI Chatbot maker platform. Create a Chatbot for WhatsApp, Website, Facebook Messenger, Telegram, WordPress & Shopify with BotPenguin - 100% FREE! Our chatbot creator helps with lead generation, appointment booking, customer support, marketing automation, WhatsApp & Facebook Automation for businesses. AI-powered No-Code chatbot maker with live chat plugin & ChatGPT integration.
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Partners
Whitelabel Partner
Whatsapp Whitelabel Partner
Implementation Partner
Affiliate Partner
Get Started
Chatbot For Ecommerce
Chatbot For Real Estate
Chatbot For Education
Chatbot For Travel
All Templates
Free Tools
WhatsApp Link Generator
WhatsApp QR Code Generator
OpenAI API Pricing Calculator
Chatbot ROI Calculator
All Free Tools
Integrations
ChatGPT
GoHighLevel
Bitrix 24
Zoho CRM
Zapier
All Integrations
Resources
Blogs
Glossary
Help Center
Write for us
Contact Us
What’s New
Product Updates
Comparisons
BotPenguin vs Manychat
BotPenguin vs Tidio
BotPenguin vs Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs Wati
BotPenguin vs Landbot
All Comparisons
Alternatives
What you get
Lead Generation Bot
Support Bot
Assistant Bot
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Get Started
Integrations
Comparisons
Partners
Free Tools
Resources
What you get
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Copyright © 2018 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All RightsReserved.