URL: https://botpenguin.com/solutions/hire-chatbot-developers
BotPenguin's Chatbot Developers- Outsource Best Development
Why BotPenguin
Product
Solutions
Pricing
Partners
Resources
Contact Us
Integrations
Experience 80+ world-class integrations.
Key Features
Take your business to the next level with our awesome key features.
Live Chat
Stay in the loop with your clientele 24*7!
Unified Inbox
Serve your customers across all platforms.
Analytics
Speedtrack your growth with our top-of-the-line analytics tools!
Mobile App
Make, monitor, & manage your AI chatbots with our mobile app.
CHATBOT COMPARISONS
BotPenguin vs. Manychat
BotPenguin vs. Tidio
BotPenguin vs. Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs. Wati
BotPenguin vs. Interakt
BotPenguin vs. AiSensy
BotPenguin vs. Landbot
WHAT CAN IT DO?
Marketing Automation
Make marketing a boon from the automation gods!
FB Automation
Engage with your customers on a deeper level.
WhatsApp Automation
Get that nifty automation for WhatsApp too!
Appointment Bookings
No more delays, BotPenguin’s got you here!
Customer Support
Your customers are in for a treat with this automation.
Lead Generation
Gain more lead without any extra effort or expenses
WHO CAN USE IT?
Healthcare
Give your patients world-class healthcare service!
Education
Make admissions and automate processes in a jiffy!
E-commerce
Create the best E-commerce service with ease!
Real Estate
Make Real Estate great again with BotPenguin!
Consultants
Boost up with our one-stop marketing solution!
SaaS
Take your SAAS game to the next level with BotPenguin!
Tours & Travels
Provide extraordinary tour and travel services with BotPenguin!
Insurance
Launch AI-driven Insurance Bot to Promote, Sell, & Manage Policies.
WHERE CAN IT RUN?
Instagram Chatbot
Attract leads, boost sales, and chat 24/7 with Instagram Chatbots.
WhatsApp Chatbot
Start conversing like a real person with BotPenguin!
Telegram Chatbot
Cutting-edge features for you to grow your business on Telegram.
Facebook Chatbot
Do everything at once with BotPenguin on Facebook.
Websites Chatbot
BotPenguin grows your website and keeps your customers engaged.
Wordpress Chatbot
BotPenguin thrives on WordPress and makes it awesome.
Microsoft Teams Chatbot
Maximize your teams productivity with MS Teams Bot.
Shopify Chatbot
Boost your Shopify Business With BotPenguin’s AI-powered chatbot.
WooCommerce Chatbot
Sell effortlessly on your WooCommerce store with BotPenguin.
Squarespace Chatbot
Get the most out of Squarespace with BotPenguin
CUSTOM DEVELOPMENT
Whitelabel ChatGPT
Apply your branding on ChatGPT, Launch your own AI platform
ChatGPT Custom Plugins
Integrate your service straight into ChatGPT
Custom Chatbot Development
Build enterprise-grade chatbots with the best
ChatGPT Clone
Add functionality and branding on ChatGPT
HIRE DEVELOPERS
Chatbot Developers
Build Lighter, Faster, Smarter-Efficiently
ChatGPT Developers
Ride the GPT wave with trained surfers
ChatGPT Consultants
Advice that makes the difference in your AI journey
PARTNER PROGRAMS
Partners Home
Join hands with us, and welcome growth
WhatsApp Whitelabel Partners
Conquer the WhatsApp land with BotPenguin’s White Label Platform
Whitelabel Partners
Say hi to the best Whitelabel chatbot platform ever
Affiliate Partners
Earn more and keep your clients happier
Implementation Partners
As they say, a partner is worth trillions!
PARTNER PRICING
Whitelabel Chatbot Pricing
Our pricing for Whitelabel Chatbot
Implementation Partnership Pricing
Our pricing for Implementation Partnership
OUR RESOURCES
Blogs
Read the latest blogs on chatbots, AI, automations & more
Videos
Watch tutorials, webinars, and demos to master our chatbots.
Case Study
Read how BotPenguin transformed business communication
E-book
Explore e-books written by experts for all your business needs!
Help Docs
Find detailed guides and tips for all your chatbot needs.
Newsroom
Explore how BotPenguin is making headlines in the chatbot industry.
Community Support
Join our vibrant community to unlock exclusive content & expert guidance
LATEST BLOG
Why is BotPenguin the best platform to develop a chatbot?
Introducing ChatGPT 4o for BotPenguin
Create your first AI Chatbot
Get Started FREE
Hire chatbot developers to create
your unique chatbot
Opt for our chatbot developers to get your unique custom-built bot. Build seamlessly integrated chatbot solutions for your existing applications.
Hire experienced developers with 5+ years of expertise on a full-time, part-time, or hourly basis.
Contact Us
Trusted by
40,000+
Global Brands
Why should you hire chatbot developers?
Our developers can create AI chatbots capable of delivering personalized and automated assistance to
your customers. They know their way around NLP and LLM bot development in different frameworks.
AI chatbots
Hire chatbot developers from us to create AI chatbots with human-like conversational ability and program intent-based automation to capture leads, book schedules, support customers, or any custom use case.
Custom chatbot development
Our team of chatbot developers assists startups, enterprises, and entrepreneurs in developing customized, tailor-made chatbot applications
ChatGPT clone chatbots
Leverage our ChatGPT developers to create chatbots based on the GPT models for your specific use case. Let your chatbot reply quickly, carry real-time conversations with customers, and train on your data to give accurate answers only.
LLM integration
Our devs can assist you in implementing the large language model into your chatbot to enhance its language understanding and generative capabilities, depending on your business needs.
Facebook chatbot development
We can develop a custom Facebook Messenger bot to manage your conversations and user interactions with ease. The AI bot can be customized to serve your target user base.
Custom WhatsApp chatbot
Get a custom WhatsApp chatbot powered by the official WhatsApp API. Tailor the chatbot to offer bookings, ticketing, sales, customer support, lead generation, or any objective suited to your business.
Testing and debugging chatbots
Our QA and Troubleshooters Teams are the best guns for any duel, solving and suggesting the best ways around all your roadblocks.
Chatbot consultation
Take advice from the masters of chat automation and build as we guide you into the thrilling world of AI.
Benefits of hiring chatbot developers
from BotPenguin?
We are a trusted chatbot provider with thousands of clients across the globe. Our solutions range from
websites to social chatbots to any custom chatbot integrated into your existing application.
Your platform, our chatbot
Our chatbot developers can Implement the AI chatbot on the platform of your choice, be it SMS, Facebook, Website, WhatsApp, Telegram, or any custom app.
One-stop solution
Whether it’s design, UX, development, or testing, our chatbot developers resolve all your chat automation problems.
Enterprise-grade expertise
Our developers have experience providing scalable and future-proof AI chatbot solutions to enterprises globally.
Efficiency
Cut short development time, save money, and beat the competition with experienced developers who excel at creating automated, integrated systems.
Integrations and APIs
Perfection comes through collaboration; our outsourced developers will integrate your custom-built chatbot with all the existing applications with APIs and webhook expertise.
Data handling and training
Data is the new money; expert outsourced developers can walk you through this shift with insights about custom training and data handling.
Technical and domain knowledge
Seasoned Developers have been developing AI chatbots for a while, gaining expertise in NLP, Generative AI, LLMs, backend development framework, cloud storage, and analytics.
Custom performance reports
Our hired developers have expertise in SAP, Tableau, Big Query, and Power BI to generate the reports you require for custom behavior analysis.
Build solutions for your specific use case with
expert chatbot developers
Got a specific use case to fulfill? Hire chatbot developers from
BotPenguin to create a personalized bot just for you.
Concierge chatbots
Add a helpful assistant to guide your customers in your place.
Airline ticketing chatbots
Let customers complete itinerary and ticketing while texting
Insurance claim chatbots
Build chatbots that can process insurance claims through conversational UI
eCommerce chatbots
Share product catalogs in chats and allow customers to purchase.
Hospitality chatbots
Manage stays, trip plans, food, and more through a chat interface.
Healthcare chatbots
Appointments, reports, and prescriptions can all come to chat for accessibility.
Real estate chatbots
Deploy a virtual real estate agent to capture high-value leads.
Banking chatbots
Alert, inform, and sell with our bankable Chatbots developers.
Finance chatbots
Chatbots for those who advise, invest, and earn.
Tourism chatbots
Make traveling places a breeze with automated bookings.
Education chatbots
Keep parents, teachers, and students informed with Chatbots.
Recruitment chatbots
From interviews to onboarding, streamline the whole hiring process with AI chatbots.
We have a fair development process and pay-per-
requirement pricing model
Hire chatbot developers with no annual commitment. Pay only for what you use. Enjoy the benefits of a
dedicated chatbot development team with the flexibility to hire as per business needs.
Full Time
Cost
Starts from $1000 per month
Work Timings
40hr/week Or 160hr/month
Communication
Email,Skype,Phone, Slack
Billing Cycle
Monthly
Hiring Period
15 days
Project Management
Zoho Project/JIRA
Contact Us
Part-time
Cost
Starts from $15 per hour
Work Timings
10hr/week Or 20hr/month
Communication
Email,Skype,Phone, Slack
Billing Cycle
Monthly
Hiring Period
7 days
Project Management
Zoho Project/JIRA
Contact Us
Hourly
Cost
Starts from $15 per hour
Work Timings
40hr/week Or 160hr/month
Communication
Email,Skype,Phone, Slack
Billing Cycle
Weekly
Hiring Period
3 days
Project Management
Zoho Project/JIRA
Contact Us
6 Reasons why you should hire chatbot developers from BotPenguin
We’ve got dedicated chatbot developers with excellent technical, communication, and soft skills; here are
some reasons to hire chatbot developers from BotPenguin.
Integrity and transparency
BotPenguin signs an NDA with all the chatbot developers and maintains high security to ensure IP protection. Your idea is in safe hands as we respect your innovation.
User-friendly
We provide highly experienced chatbot developers who write neat and clean code to develop user-friendly experiences.
Scalable Architecture
Hire chatbot developers trained on architectural aspects of the OpenAI to develop a scalable experience.
Cancel anytime
Got a change in your launch plans or any other reason? Cancel anytime, no questions asked.
Flexible and affordable pricing model
Choose to pay for the needed time. Be it hourly, monthly, or part-time basis. BotPenguin engages with flexibility as per the needs of the project
Excellent communication skills
Communication skills, apart from technical and logical skills, are the critical parameters assessed when BotPenguin hires Chatbots developers.
Hire Expert chatbot developers to create
your industry-specific chatbot
Hire Chatbot Developers
Our team of Chatbot developers is an expert in
every chat automation framework
Hire chatbot developers with Industry knowledge, competitor analysis, leading technologies, multi-channel support, and
comprehensive skills across all frameworks. Our devs will keep you at the forefront of innovation and AI.
Open AI
Chatbots chatbots are the rage of the moment. BotPenguin is the leading custom Chatbots whitelabel and plugin creator and provider.
Amazon Lex
Hire chatbot development with Amazon Lex to build conversational interfaces with deep learning and natural language understanding (NLU).
Microsoft Bot Framework
We specialize in Azure Bot to build, test, deploy and manage intelligent bots by providing an environment for bot development with Microsoft Bot Framework. Our team helps you create bots that provide speech, language understanding, and Q&A.
IBM Watson
Our team leads in building and optimizing advanced chatbots with Watson Assistant. Watson offers data discovery, automated predictive analytics, and cognitive capabilities.
Dialogflow
BotPenguin specializes in Dialogflow end-to-end development suites to build conversational interfaces for web and mobile apps, messaging platforms, and IoT devices.
Rasa NLU
Rasa provides flexible conversational AI software for building text and voice-based assistants. It is used by developers, conversational teams, and enterprises; BotPenguin enables you to harness its power.
FastText
BotPenguin’s consultants use fastText’s Natural Language Processing (NLP) to create a framework for learning word representations created by Facebook’s AI Research (FAIR) lab.
Oracle intelligent bots
Hire chatbot developers to deliver a complete AI platform to create conversational experiences for business applications through text, chat, and voice with Oracle.
How do our Chatbot Development Services work?
Simply put, you tell us what you need, and we will take care of bot development.
1
2
3
Send us your requirements
Project discovery aims to identify all the functional and non-functional requirements along with initial timelines, product roadmap and risk management planning.
Choose from the selected talent pool
Project envisioning aims to give visual understanding to the custom chatbot using user journey flows and design prototypes.
Initiate Project On-Boarding
We work and start building on the complete blueprint of the custom chatbot with the aim of defining the architecture, UX design and other important elements.
Know more
Hire chatbot developers with all the development resources
As chatbot providers, we have every resource available to create your custom-built chatbot. Be it
infrastructure, project management, or hiring, we’ve got you covered.
Infrastructure
Back-office Processes
Hiring Process
Comfortable office
Payrolls and taxes
Office management
Legal support
Hardware
Corporate events
Accountants
Insurance
Infrastructure and security
BotPenguin has more opportunities for
you to grow and earn
If you like the development process, you can extend your trust to become a brand
advocate for use and use our solutions to earn good bucks.
ChatGPT NLP chatbots
Upgrade to our ChatGPT integrated chatbots and rise above your competitors with a conversational and user-friendly chat interface. Our NLP chatbots can deliver meaningful conversations with minimum human intervention.
Whitelabel ChatGPT chatbots and GPT clones
Offer your alternative to ChatGPT by building on its foundations. Hire chatbot developers from BotPenguin to get white-labeled ChatGPT bots and sell them with custom branding & pricing.
ChatGPT consultation
Our team of expert chatbot solutions providers can help you build, scale, or advance your GPT chatbots. We draw on years of expertise to offer valuable insights and advice.
Chatbot reseller programs
Join our family as an affiliate, implementation, or white-label partner. Earn and grow with us through our reseller programs and become a chatbot provider.
Frequently Asked Questions
What services do BotPenguin's chatbot developers provide?
When you hire chatbot developers from BotPenguin, you can access various services, including integrations, omnichannel messaging, human handover support, and multi-platform support. We specialize in creating automated experiences and smooth transitions into conversational AI.
How can chatbots benefit my business?
Hire chatbot developers to benefit your business. Chatbots are cost-efficient, saving money and time by handling customer queries. They streamline lead management systems, increase reach and engagement, and create memorable brand interactions. Chatbots also provide conversational UX for engaging user experiences.
Why should I hire dedicated chatbot developers?
Hire dedicated chatbot developers to simplify the process of chatbot automation. Our experienced team excels in design, UX, development, testing, and more. With their expertise, they efficiently create integrated systems, saving time and costs. We handle integrations, API, data handling, and training, and we provide custom reports using tools like SAP, Tableau, Big Query, and Power BI.
What specific solutions can BotPenguin's chatbot developers build?
BotPenguin's chatbot developers excel in diverse solutions. We craft concierge, airline ticketing, insurance claim, recruitment, eCommerce, hospitality, healthcare, real estate, banking, finance, tourism, and education chatbots for your specific needs.
What frameworks and technologies are BotPenguin's developers proficient in?
Hire BotPenguin's chatbot developers who are proficient in frameworks and technologies such as OpenAI's ChatGPT, Amazon Lex, Microsoft Bot Framework, IBM Watson, Dialogflow, Rasa NLU, fastText, and Oracle Intelligent Bots.
How does the engagement model with BotPenguin's chatbot developers work?
BotPenguin offers a flexible engagement model where you can hire chatbot developers based on your requirements. We provide full-time, part-time, and hourly options. The costs and work hours vary depending on the engagement model you choose.
What benefits will I get if I hire chatbot developers from BotPenguin?
There are several reasons to hire chatbot developers from BotPenguin. We maintain integrity and transparency by signing NDAs to protect your ideas. The developers focus on creating user-friendly experiences, offering scalable architecture, providing flexible and affordable pricing models, and possessing excellent communication skills.
How do you hire chatbot developers with BotPenguin?
The hiring process with BotPenguin involves initial resume screening and multiple interviews to assess soft skills, logical ability, technical skills, and cultural fit. We also conduct a thorough background check.
What solutions does BotPenguin offer apart from chatbot development?
In addition to chatbot development, BotPenguin offers AI chatbots, ChatGPT NLP chatbots, white-label ChatGPT chatbots, custom chat automation solutions, chatbot consultation, and chatbot reseller programs.
How can I get started with BotPenguin's chatbot developers?
To start with our chatbot developers, you can send us your requirements and choose from their talent pool. Once selected, the project onboarding process begins, and you can kickstart your chatbot development journey.
How long do I need to hire chatbot developers?
You can hire chatbot developers per your specific needs for as long as you need. Our flexible plans give you complete freedom.
What if I am not satisfied with the chatbot developers I selected?
Our rigorous process ensures that you are paired with developers that will not stop until the completion of your project. In the strange case you are left unsatisfied, we will provide you with another developer.
Is it possible to build a bot that supports multiple languages?
Yes, it is possible to build a chatbot that supports multiple languages by using language processing capabilities and integrating language-specific datasets to understand and respond in different languages.
Do I need to learn A.I. and machine learning to deploy a chatbot?
In the initial stages, we train your NLP and LLM chatbot on the existing data. Also, AI chatbots get better with time through customer interactions. That’s another good reason to hire chatbot developers.
For more FAQs and Guides
What our Customers say
Delivering value, earning trust. Hear good words about
BotPenguin on these platforms
G2
"Their ability to execute in a timely manner. If you want to start an AI Chatbot business then this is the place. - They have a great work environment, and know how important it is to be efficient."
-
Gustav Louv
5-Star Rating
View More
Capterra
"We are using BotPenguin for our Facebook bots, responding to Facebook messages automatically. Currently handling millions of messages on a monthly basis and really great product."
-
Twana D.
4.6-Star Rating
View More
Trustpilot
"Its Whatsapp Automation with API is really practical for sales & marketing objective. If it comes with analytics about campaign result it will be awesome."
-
BD Michae
5-Star Rating
View More
Good Firms
"Their timely communication is the reason for the great project management. Our descriptions are precisely translated into needs by BotPenguin, and they possess the necessary skill set to execute features in a timely manner."
-
Yashi Amola
5-Star Rating
View More
Crozdesk
"The team at BotPenguin contributed knowledge not just about using Generative AI but also about how these technologies may be customized to meet our needs in the asset and wealth management industry. It was amazing how well they could convert difficult technical ideas into workable, approachable solutions. Furthermore, the team at BotPenguin has shown a remarkable capacity for creative problem-solving, as demonstrated by their approach to challenging project specifications."
-
Phil Johnson
5-Star Rating
View More
Hire chatbot developers to create your custom chatbot
Hire Chatbot Developers
BotPenguin is the best AI Chatbot maker platform. Create a Chatbot for WhatsApp, Website, Facebook Messenger, Telegram, WordPress & Shopify with BotPenguin - 100% FREE! Our chatbot creator helps with lead generation, appointment booking, customer support, marketing automation, WhatsApp & Facebook Automation for businesses. AI-powered No-Code chatbot maker with live chat plugin & ChatGPT integration.
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Partners
Whitelabel Partner
Whatsapp Whitelabel Partner
Implementation Partner
Affiliate Partner
Get Started
Chatbot For Ecommerce
Chatbot For Real Estate
Chatbot For Education
Chatbot For Travel
All Templates
Free Tools
WhatsApp Link Generator
WhatsApp QR Code Generator
OpenAI API Pricing Calculator
Chatbot ROI Calculator
All Free Tools
Integrations
ChatGPT
GoHighLevel
Bitrix 24
Zoho CRM
Zapier
All Integrations
Resources
Blogs
Glossary
Help Center
Write for us
Contact Us
What’s New
Product Updates
Comparisons
BotPenguin vs Manychat
BotPenguin vs Tidio
BotPenguin vs Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs Wati
BotPenguin vs Landbot
All Comparisons
Alternatives
What you get
Lead Generation Bot
Support Bot
Assistant Bot
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Get Started
Integrations
Comparisons
Partners
Free Tools
Resources
What you get
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Copyright © 2018 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All RightsReserved.