URL: https://botpenguin.com/blogs/why-education-industry-is-choosing-ai-chatbot
Why Education Industry is choosing AI Chatbot?
Why BotPenguin
Product
Solutions
Pricing
Partners
Resources
Login
Get Started FREE
Integrations
Experience 80+ world-class integrations.
Key Features
Take your business to the next level with our awesome key features.
Live Chat
Stay in the loop with your clientele 24*7!
Unified Inbox
Serve your customers across all platforms.
Analytics
Speedtrack your growth with our top-of-the-line analytics tools!
Mobile App
Make, monitor, & manage your AI chatbots with our mobile app.
CHATBOT COMPARISONS
BotPenguin vs. Manychat
BotPenguin vs. Tidio
BotPenguin vs. Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs. Wati
BotPenguin vs. Interakt
BotPenguin vs. AiSensy
BotPenguin vs. Landbot
WHAT CAN IT DO?
Marketing Automation
Make marketing a boon from the automation gods!
FB Automation
Engage with your customers on a deeper level.
WhatsApp Automation
Get that nifty automation for WhatsApp too!
Appointment Bookings
No more delays, BotPenguin’s got you here!
Customer Support
Your customers are in for a treat with this automation.
Lead Generation
Gain more lead without any extra effort or expenses
WHO CAN USE IT?
Healthcare
Give your patients world-class healthcare service!
Education
Make admissions and automate processes in a jiffy!
E-commerce
Create the best E-commerce service with ease!
Real Estate
Make Real Estate great again with BotPenguin!
Consultants
Boost up with our one-stop marketing solution!
SaaS
Take your SAAS game to the next level with BotPenguin!
Tours & Travels
Provide extraordinary tour and travel services with BotPenguin!
Insurance
Launch AI-driven Insurance Bot to Promote, Sell, & Manage Policies.
WHERE CAN IT RUN?
Instagram Chatbot
Attract leads, boost sales, and chat 24/7 with Instagram Chatbots.
WhatsApp Chatbot
Start conversing like a real person with BotPenguin!
Telegram Chatbot
Cutting-edge features for you to grow your business on Telegram.
Facebook Chatbot
Do everything at once with BotPenguin on Facebook.
Websites Chatbot
BotPenguin grows your website and keeps your customers engaged.
Wordpress Chatbot
BotPenguin thrives on WordPress and makes it awesome.
Microsoft Teams Chatbot
Maximize your teams productivity with MS Teams Bot.
Shopify Chatbot
Boost your Shopify Business With BotPenguin’s AI-powered chatbot.
WooCommerce Chatbot
Sell effortlessly on your WooCommerce store with BotPenguin.
Squarespace Chatbot
Get the most out of Squarespace with BotPenguin
CUSTOM DEVELOPMENT
Whitelabel ChatGPT
Apply your branding on ChatGPT, Launch your own AI platform
ChatGPT Custom Plugins
Integrate your service straight into ChatGPT
Custom Chatbot Development
Build enterprise-grade chatbots with the best
ChatGPT Clone
Add functionality and branding on ChatGPT
HIRE DEVELOPERS
Chatbot Developers
Build Lighter, Faster, Smarter-Efficiently
ChatGPT Developers
Ride the GPT wave with trained surfers
ChatGPT Consultants
Advice that makes the difference in your AI journey
PARTNER PROGRAMS
Partners Home
Join hands with us, and welcome growth
WhatsApp Whitelabel Partners
Conquer the WhatsApp land with BotPenguin’s White Label Platform
Whitelabel Partners
Say hi to the best Whitelabel chatbot platform ever
Affiliate Partners
Earn more and keep your clients happier
Implementation Partners
As they say, a partner is worth trillions!
PARTNER PRICING
Whitelabel Chatbot Pricing
Our pricing for Whitelabel Chatbot
Implementation Partnership Pricing
Our pricing for Implementation Partnership
OUR RESOURCES
Blogs
Read the latest blogs on chatbots, AI, automations & more
Videos
Watch tutorials, webinars, and demos to master our chatbots.
Case Study
Read how BotPenguin transformed business communication
E-book
Explore e-books written by experts for all your business needs!
Help Docs
Find detailed guides and tips for all your chatbot needs.
Newsroom
Explore how BotPenguin is making headlines in the chatbot industry.
Community Support
Join our vibrant community to unlock exclusive content & expert guidance
LATEST BLOG
Why is BotPenguin the best platform to develop a chatbot?
Introducing ChatGPT 4o for BotPenguin
Create your first AI Chatbot
Get Started FREE
All blogs
Why Education Industry is choosing AI Chatbot?
Use-cases
Updated at May 17, 2024
5 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Try BotPenguin
Table of Contents
Why is Education Industry opting for AI Chatbots?
Conclusion
Share
Link copied
The constant usage of technology turns the ways of learning and absorbing information for students worldwide.
All thanks go to artificial intelligence, enabling educators to offer a personalized and smart learning environment to their students.
The researchers and technology geeks developed systems that help detect whether students can understand the topic or concept.
AI conversational tools or chatbots in education are built to refurbish interaction and collaboration between students and their teachers.
Moreover, reality says education chatbot acts as a game-change recognition in the innovative and smart ed-tech world.
For instance, Fryer and Carpenter did an experiment or survey where 211 students were asked to chat with a bot. Hence the result came out to be optimistic where students enjoyed and felt comfortable interacting with the teacher bot.
Therefore it’s quite visible that bots will be going mainstream in the educational sector in the coming future. Let’s dive into some of the reasons why and how Chatbot in education influences the industry.
Why is Education Industry opting for AI Chatbots?
One of the most apparent reasons is the bunch of benefits they offer. Other industries overshadowed the introduction of AI to classrooms.
But now, more and more administrations and teachers are recognizing and adopting this cost-effective yet valuable way to keep their students engaged and streamline learning processes more efficiently anytime and anywhere.
So let’s discuss some of its benefits!
1. Better student engagement
Being a student doesn’t seem that exciting!
Because some parts of learning are boring. Regardless of subjects, memorizing for reading can sometimes be a no is even the most dedicated bright student.
And they are living in a world where everything is like instant coffee makes it tough to wait. Hence students want to get quick solutions or answers over different mediums such as videos, search engines, etc.
Thus, Chatbot for education can help live instant answers, raise engagement, and offer a seamless study experience. An education bot can use decision trees to guide students about any particular topic or series of questions and answers.
Suppose you have some interactive content such as creative tutorials or videos. In that case, a teacher bot can tap into your website or library to provide relevantly and needed content to students and help them study well.
Lastly, in the current scenario of the covid-19 pandemic or any other natural disaster, excess to schools or institutions becomes limited.
A chatbot in education can be a better way of learning for students worldwide than just having to read textbooks alone without any professional guidance.
2. Efficient teaching assistants
Technology and education chatbots enabled the students to get everything within a few seconds. The world and its information are at their fingertips, and demand for the same is evolving rapidly.
Thus, the educational sector and institutions need to keep up and speed up their student communication process to draw the fast-paced generation’s attention.
One of the popular AI applications is intelligent tutoring systems that provide a customized learning environment by analyzing students’ responses and how they go through the content.
Similarly, AI bots can be deployed to teach the students by turning a lecture into a series of text messages to make it a more standardized chat interface.
They may assess and analyze the level of understanding and recommend the next part accordingly. In this way, the teachers can easily monitor the performance.
They cannot only answer any student complaint or query related to the assignment deadlines or any other thing and save a lot of teachers’ time.
3. Instant assistance
An education chatbot is mainly known for its speed and functionality. They can work round the clock and even at odd hours. It would be easy for teachers to connect with their students anytime, anywhere without any hindrance.
No matter if it’s midnight or early morning, you can help them with their studies whenever they want to.
Many students visit the administration offices for educational websites to inquire about information such as the admission process, scholarships, courses, fees, and more.
With a chatbot in education, you can quickly respond to repetitive questions and convert this time-consuming task into an automatic and effective one.
4. Student support
It is delivering good faculty, and well-equipped labs that are courses are not enough in today’s digital education industry.
If we talk about the actual needs, then Chatbot in education can offer considerable value to the sector.
They can guide the students with the whole admission process and provide them with all vital information about the courses, modules, and faculty details as per the subjects.
Also, help the fresher’s campus tours and assist the students after their arrival and later. You can easily communicate information suggesting hostel facilities, allotment of rooms, library membership process, scholarships, and much more without any further delay via the education chatbot.
5. Fast and quick accessibility to institutional information
AI chatbots are considered a great way of sharing information and building a full-fledged online presence.
Students don’t need to visit administration offices as they can solve all their queries and confusions related to your institution by just visiting your website and interacting with your education chatbot.
You can easily update them with current affairs, upcoming events or competitions, any college or school-related activity, scheduled lectures and their timings, and much more by some push notifications.
They can also reach out to a larger audience and spread information about updates and reminders etc. Hence, it means they can help internal and external communication and revamp your institution’s functioning.
6. Proactive assistance
Chatbots may be properly educated to provide answers to pupils even before they inquire in the education business.
Assistance with payments, adding a new module to the curriculum, or meeting a deadline may all be proactive and beneficial to a better student experience.
Schools can also send customized messages to students and institutes, such as "Bring your water bottles, there is an issue with the school water tank" or "due to the storm, the school will be closed today," to establish a communication link between students and institutes.
7. Obtaining feedback
No matter what business you work in, collecting input daily is critical. There is a lot to collect feedback on for educational institutions.
From instructors to curriculum, admissions to cleanliness, schools may gather data on all areas and become industry leaders.
After each discussion or procedure, chatbots in the education sector can assist in collecting feedback from all parties. It can assist schools in obtaining important data and addressing issues that are causing bad performance.
8. Evaluation and assessment
Both pupils and educational institutions need to be assessed. Although numerous tools can readily analyze MCQs and one-word answers, subjective responses require human intervention.
All student replies may be automatically reviewed and graded using artificial intelligence and machine learning. Teachers may rely on technology, filling pupils' scorecards based on AI chatbot findings.
According to the findings, education chatbots can provide students with study materials and reference links for areas that require attention. Teachers will be relieved of tests and evaluations due to this breakthrough, and they can give more time to their pupils.
9. Repository of data
Chatbots serve as both a data gathering and delivery tool for the education market. Students can enter all their information and input data to obtain the desired outcomes. Teachers can utilize them simultaneously to transmit lessons and other vital information to all of their pupils at the same time.
The odds of errors are reduced when data collection and delivery are automated, and the process may run 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Institutions can benefit from having all of their data in one place because it makes decision-making and problem-solving easier, and it can be utilized to draw insightful conclusions.
10. Technology in Education on a Global Scale!
Brazil is one of the most significant examples that offers educational products and learning content for children worldwide. Also, amalgamating the use of AI, Chatbot for education, and augmented realities of building a platform that helps develop multiple intelligences of young kids. Brazil developed several programs and software, primarily to facilitate the ed-tech sector. Bedu and Digital House are the best examples offering a mixed learning platform for developing business skills through technical courses on mobile or web programming, data science, and much more.
Lastly, the AI and education industry in the US raised emphasis on Chatbot for education. Schools, colleges, and universities are adopting education chatbots and making the whole learning process way more engaging. Bots use ML, AI, and deep learning technologies to enable communication, storage, and data processing for students.
LONDON (BUSINESS WIRE)- The AI market in the US education sector from 2018 to 2022 is expected to post a CAGR of close to 48% during the predicting period, said to the latest market research by Technavio.
Conclusion
As technology advances, Chatbot in education also updates rusty ways of educating and teaching. Chatbots are also now being integrated into the education sector, and the benefits are savored by administrators, teachers, and even students worldwide. Initially, the system was a bit slower, but with the bots’ arrival, all has changed. If you are into any similar work or profession and find a way to create a bot, you must try
BotPenguin
. We would be glad to support the best work, i.e., teaching the world.
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Get the latest business insights straight into your inbox.
Email
Enter your email address
*
Subscribe Now
Keep Reading, Keep Growing
Checkout our related blogs you will love.
Understanding Automated Claims Processing: A Beginner’s Guide
Updated at Nov 13, 2024
12 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Chatbot for Education 101: The Ultimate Guide
Updated at Nov 13, 2024
15 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Understanding the Role of Student Enrollment Management Systems
Updated at Nov 15, 2024
12 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Table of Contents
Why is Education Industry opting for AI Chatbots?
Conclusion
BotPenguin is the best AI Chatbot maker platform. Create a Chatbot for WhatsApp, Website, Facebook Messenger, Telegram, WordPress & Shopify with BotPenguin - 100% FREE! Our chatbot creator helps with lead generation, appointment booking, customer support, marketing automation, WhatsApp & Facebook Automation for businesses. AI-powered No-Code chatbot maker with live chat plugin & ChatGPT integration.
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Partners
Whitelabel Partner
Whatsapp Whitelabel Partner
Implementation Partner
Affiliate Partner
Get Started
Chatbot For Ecommerce
Chatbot For Real Estate
Chatbot For Education
Chatbot For Travel
All Templates
Free Tools
WhatsApp Link Generator
WhatsApp QR Code Generator
OpenAI API Pricing Calculator
Chatbot ROI Calculator
All Free Tools
Integrations
ChatGPT
GoHighLevel
Bitrix 24
Zoho CRM
Zapier
All Integrations
Resources
Blogs
Glossary
Help Center
Write for us
Contact Us
What’s New
Product Updates
Comparisons
BotPenguin vs Manychat
BotPenguin vs Tidio
BotPenguin vs Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs Wati
BotPenguin vs Landbot
All Comparisons
Alternatives
What you get
Lead Generation Bot
Support Bot
Assistant Bot
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Get Started
Integrations
Comparisons
Partners
Free Tools
Resources
What you get
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Copyright © 2018 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All RightsReserved.