URL: https://botpenguin.com/platform/chatbot-for-instagram
Free Instagram Chatbot | No Code AI Chatbot for Instagram
Why BotPenguin
Product
Solutions
Pricing
Partners
Resources
Login
Get Started FREE
Integrations
Experience 80+ world-class integrations.
Key Features
Take your business to the next level with our awesome key features.
Live Chat
Stay in the loop with your clientele 24*7!
Unified Inbox
Serve your customers across all platforms.
Analytics
Speedtrack your growth with our top-of-the-line analytics tools!
Mobile App
Make, monitor, & manage your AI chatbots with our mobile app.
CHATBOT COMPARISONS
BotPenguin vs. Manychat
BotPenguin vs. Tidio
BotPenguin vs. Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs. Wati
BotPenguin vs. Interakt
BotPenguin vs. AiSensy
BotPenguin vs. Landbot
WHAT CAN IT DO?
Marketing Automation
Make marketing a boon from the automation gods!
FB Automation
Engage with your customers on a deeper level.
WhatsApp Automation
Get that nifty automation for WhatsApp too!
Appointment Bookings
No more delays, BotPenguin’s got you here!
Customer Support
Your customers are in for a treat with this automation.
Lead Generation
Gain more lead without any extra effort or expenses
WHO CAN USE IT?
Healthcare
Give your patients world-class healthcare service!
Education
Make admissions and automate processes in a jiffy!
E-commerce
Create the best E-commerce service with ease!
Real Estate
Make Real Estate great again with BotPenguin!
Consultants
Boost up with our one-stop marketing solution!
SaaS
Take your SAAS game to the next level with BotPenguin!
Tours & Travels
Provide extraordinary tour and travel services with BotPenguin!
Insurance
Launch AI-driven Insurance Bot to Promote, Sell, & Manage Policies.
WHERE CAN IT RUN?
Instagram Chatbot
Attract leads, boost sales, and chat 24/7 with Instagram Chatbots.
WhatsApp Chatbot
Start conversing like a real person with BotPenguin!
Telegram Chatbot
Cutting-edge features for you to grow your business on Telegram.
Facebook Chatbot
Do everything at once with BotPenguin on Facebook.
Websites Chatbot
BotPenguin grows your website and keeps your customers engaged.
Wordpress Chatbot
BotPenguin thrives on WordPress and makes it awesome.
Microsoft Teams Chatbot
Maximize your teams productivity with MS Teams Bot.
Shopify Chatbot
Boost your Shopify Business With BotPenguin’s AI-powered chatbot.
WooCommerce Chatbot
Sell effortlessly on your WooCommerce store with BotPenguin.
Squarespace Chatbot
Get the most out of Squarespace with BotPenguin
CUSTOM DEVELOPMENT
Whitelabel ChatGPT
Apply your branding on ChatGPT, Launch your own AI platform
ChatGPT Custom Plugins
Integrate your service straight into ChatGPT
Custom Chatbot Development
Build enterprise-grade chatbots with the best
ChatGPT Clone
Add functionality and branding on ChatGPT
HIRE DEVELOPERS
Chatbot Developers
Build Lighter, Faster, Smarter-Efficiently
ChatGPT Developers
Ride the GPT wave with trained surfers
ChatGPT Consultants
Advice that makes the difference in your AI journey
PARTNER PROGRAMS
Partners Home
Join hands with us, and welcome growth
WhatsApp Whitelabel Partners
Conquer the WhatsApp land with BotPenguin’s White Label Platform
Whitelabel Partners
Say hi to the best Whitelabel chatbot platform ever
Affiliate Partners
Earn more and keep your clients happier
Implementation Partners
As they say, a partner is worth trillions!
PARTNER PRICING
Whitelabel Chatbot Pricing
Our pricing for Whitelabel Chatbot
Implementation Partnership Pricing
Our pricing for Implementation Partnership
OUR RESOURCES
Blogs
Read the latest blogs on chatbots, AI, automations & more
Videos
Watch tutorials, webinars, and demos to master our chatbots.
Case Study
Read how BotPenguin transformed business communication
E-book
Explore e-books written by experts for all your business needs!
Help Docs
Find detailed guides and tips for all your chatbot needs.
Newsroom
Explore how BotPenguin is making headlines in the chatbot industry.
Community Support
Join our vibrant community to unlock exclusive content & expert guidance
LATEST BLOG
Why is BotPenguin the best platform to develop a chatbot?
Introducing ChatGPT 4o for BotPenguin
Create your first AI Chatbot
Get Started FREE
Create an AI Chatbot for Instagram & Automate Your IG Interactions
Use Instagram chatbots to capture & qualify leads, convert DMs into sales funnel,auto-reply to comments, and offer 24/7 support.
Get Started
FREE
FREE Forever plan. No Credit Card Required.
Trusted by
40,000+
Global Brands
Turn Your Instagram Followers into Fortunes
Let the AI-powered chatbot for Instagram talk to your leads and convert them into customers.
Also, provide timely support by answering their questions
Marketing Automation
Nurture potential customers with broadcast and drip campaigns and personalized messaging. Reach your target audience at the right time with minimal effort
Sell Products
Boost sales by showcasing your products in a personalized and engaging manner. Drive user interest and increase purchase intent.
Provide Support & FAQs
Offer instant support and address customers’ questions promptly with the help of our AI-powered chatbot. Provide a seamless customer experience.
Lead Generation
Capture leads effectively by leveraging the power of AI. Engage and qualify prospects to generate a steady stream of potential customers.
Book a demo
2Bn
Active Users
200M
Daily business profile visits
130M
Monthly shopping post taps
Reach your customers on scale, save on cost and time
Create Impactful Brand Awareness With Instagram Chatbot
Bond with your audiences and provide a worthwhile experience on every interaction with messages
campaigns, replies to comments & texts, FAQs, and content sharing.
Broadcasts and Drip Campaigns
Reach your target audience effectively with personalized broadcasts and drip campaigns tailored to their interests and behavior.
Auto-Reply to Comments
Automatically respond to user comments with custom messages and provide relevant info & offers to increase engagement using our generative AI chatbots.
Visual Content Showcase
Showcase your brand’s products and services with stunning visuals, including images, videos, and GIFs, to boost engagement and awareness.
Conduct Polls and Surveys
Gather feedback, opinions, and preferences from your audience through user polls and surveys, enabling you to improve your products and services continually.
Brand Quiz Games
Promote your brand and educate your audience about your products and services with interactive quiz games, boosting brand awareness and loyalty.
Send Coupons Codes
Increase conversions by distributing exclusive discount codes via the chatbot, incentivizing customers to purchase, and fostering loyalty.
Create Your AI Bot
Build an Generative AI Chatbot for Instagram
Utilize conversational AI to provide a human touch with your chatbots and build lasting customer
relationships with helpful automation.
Integrate With ChatGPT
Integrate the latest ChatGPT LLMs to improve your conversational flows and ensure that your chatbots provide precise answers to complex user queries.
Reply According To User History
Your Instagram AI chatbot will understand context based on user history & render a conversational chat experience.
Train Your AI Instagram Bot
Provide accurate answers to user queries with website URL scrapping and custom data sets.
Self-Learning Chatbot
Just like you, your chatbot will get better with time by learning from user inputs and previous interactions.
Automatical Language Translation
Chat with the user in their favorite language. Your generative AI bot will detect and translate responses to customers’ language.
Make Your Bot Match Brand’s Tone
Let your Instagram bot talk to customers in a tone that reflects your brand, be it friendly, professional, or more.
Grow Your Business Instantly With Generative AI Chatbots for Instagram
Create Instagram Bots Now!
Lead Customers From Chat to Conversion
Make your IG account the best shopping hub for your customers using the generative AI chatbot for
Instagram.
Personalized Product Suggestions
Drive sales by providing personalized product recommendations based on customer preferences, browsing history, and purchase behavior.
Order Tracking and Updates
Keep customers informed about their order status, delivery updates, and tracking information to enhance their shopping experience.
Interactive Product Catalog
Enable customers to explore your product offerings with interactive visuals, engaging descriptions, and seamless navigation for a satisfying browsing experience.
Integration with CRM Systems
Seamlessly integrate the chatbot with your CRM system to store customer data, streamline operations, and enable personalized interactions based on customer history.
Secure Payment Integration
Boost customer confidence and provide a frictionless checkout experience by integrating secure payment options directly within the chatbot, ensuring hassle-free transactions.
Sell with Instagram Chatbots
Support Your Customers Endlessly With the AI-driven Chatbot for Instagram
Lend a helping hand to your customers with timely replies on FAQs, connect with live agents, and provide
assistance 24/7.
Quick FAQ Replies
Address common customer queries instantly and accurately with the generative AI, saving time for both customers and support agents.
Unified Customer Profile
Access a comprehensive customer profile within the chatbot, including order history, preferences, and previous interactions, for a holistic understanding of each customer.
Ticketing System Integration
Effortlessly convert chat interactions into tickets and seamlessly escalate complex queries to support agents for efficient resolution.
Live Chat with Human Handoff
Provide real-time support by seamlessly transferring conversations from the chatbot to live agents when needed, ensuring a personalized and human touch.
Create Your Sales Team
Bring your support team to our Instagram chatbot platform. Assign roles and handle user queries effortlessly with round robin ticket scheduling.
Multiple Widgets
Lead customers to your Instagram chatbot using website widgets, QR codes, or a reference URL and get the help they need.
Offer Customer Support
Enhance Instagram Chatbot Messages for Higher Engagement
Make your Instagram message irresistible by adding attractive images, videos, and buttons to provide an
immersive experience.
Images in DM
Capture attention and convey messages effectively by including eye-catching images directly in your Instagram direct messages.
Card & Carousel View
Showcase multiple products or messages in a visually appealing format using card and carousel templates for impactful engagement.
Option Buttons
Drive action and guide users with customizable buttons for seamless navigation, such as Shop Now or Learn More.
Create Quick Replies
Enhance the user experience by offering pre-set response options for quick and easy interactions, increasing engagement and efficiency.
40+ Plug-and-Play Templates
Choose from various professionally designed templates to create stunning and impactful Instagram messages quickly.
Get Instagram Marketing Bots
Launch ChatGPT-Integrated Instagram
Chatbots for Your Business Use Case
Get Chatgpt Instagram Bots
Transform Your Insta-Shop
with a Fashion Chatbot
Elevate your fashion business with an Instagram chatbot. Suggest products, discount deals,
and order tracking to provide personalized shopping experiences.
Style Recommendations
Recover Abandoned Carts
Discounts and Offers
Product Catalog Browsing
Size and Fit Assistance
Fashion Inspiration
Order Tracking
Grow Your Business Today
Revolutionize Fitness and Wellness with Instagram Chatbots
Revamp your fitness and wellness experience with Instagram chatbots. Send workout plans, diet charts,
fitness tips, & more to build a holistic training experience.
Personalized Workout Plans
Customized Meal Plans & Recommendations
Exercise Reminders
Progress Tracking
Exercise Demos Video
Wellness Tips
Create Wellness IG Bots
Expand Your Real Estate Business with Chatbot for Instagram
Get qualified leads and convert them to paying customers by providing an effortless property viewing experience,
deal alerts, and property evaluation in Instagram chats.
Property Search and Listings
Notify them About New Deals
Booking for Property Viewing
Property Valuation Assistance
Integration with CRM Systems
Live Chat with Your Instagram Followers
Start Your Real Estate Journey
Why Choose BotPenguin To Create an AI Chatbot for Instagram
Elevate your Instagram game with BotPenguin's Generative AI Chatbot. Dive into 80+ integrations, customer insights,
quick replies, ChatGPT integration, multilingual capabilities, and more.
80+ Native Integrations
Customer Analytics
Generative AI
ChatGPT Integration
Multiple Languages
Get Leads on Your Email
Custom Use Case Development
Frequently Asked Questions
Is there a chatbot for Instagram?
Yes, there are chatbots for Instagram that can automate interactions, capture leads, provide support, and more. BotPenguin’s Instagram chatbot comes with generative AI, offering a conversational experience to your followers.
How do you use ChatGPT with Instagram?
BotPenguin allows you to integrate your ChatGPT account with Instagram Chatbot. You must enter the OpenAI account’s API key in BotPenguin’s integration panel, and you’ll be done. Use the ChatGPT integration to answer user questions, talk according to user history & intent, and train the bot on your own data.
What is an Instagram DM bot?
An Instagram DM bot is a chatbot that operates within Instagram's direct messaging feature. It can automate replies, capture leads, provide support, and perform various other tasks.
Can I use a chatbot on Instagram?
Yes, you can use a chatbot on Instagram. By integrating an generative AI chatbot platform like BotPenguin, you can create and deploy chatbots on Instagram to automate interactions.
What is the best chatbot for Instagram?
There are several chatbot platforms available for Instagram, but BotPenguin is a popular choice due to its user-friendly interface, AI capabilities, and extensive features.
How do you get AI chatbot on Instagram?
To get an AI chatbot for Instagram, you can integrate an AI chatbot platform like BotPenguin. It allows you to create, train, and deploy generative AI chatbots on Instagram.These chatbots can be used for businesses like Fashion, Skincare, Fitness, Real Estate, etc.
What our Customers say
Delivering value, earning trust. Hear good words about
BotPenguin on these platforms
G2
"Their ability to execute in a timely manner. If you want to start an AI Chatbot business then this is the place. - They have a great work environment, and know how important it is to be efficient."
-
Gustav Louv
5-Star Rating
View More
Capterra
"We are using BotPenguin for our Facebook bots, responding to Facebook messages automatically. Currently handling millions of messages on a monthly basis and really great product."
-
Twana D.
4.6-Star Rating
View More
Trustpilot
"Its Whatsapp Automation with API is really practical for sales & marketing objective. If it comes with analytics about campaign result it will be awesome."
-
BD Michae
5-Star Rating
View More
Good Firms
"Their timely communication is the reason for the great project management. Our descriptions are precisely translated into needs by BotPenguin, and they possess the necessary skill set to execute features in a timely manner."
-
Yashi Amola
5-Star Rating
View More
Crozdesk
"The team at BotPenguin contributed knowledge not just about using Generative AI but also about how these technologies may be customized to meet our needs in the asset and wealth management industry. It was amazing how well they could convert difficult technical ideas into workable, approachable solutions. Furthermore, the team at BotPenguin has shown a remarkable capacity for creative problem-solving, as demonstrated by their approach to challenging project specifications."
-
Phil Johnson
5-Star Rating
View More
Create your Instagram Chatbot Now!
Book a demo
BotPenguin is the best AI Chatbot maker platform. Create a Chatbot for WhatsApp, Website, Facebook Messenger, Telegram, WordPress & Shopify with BotPenguin - 100% FREE! Our chatbot creator helps with lead generation, appointment booking, customer support, marketing automation, WhatsApp & Facebook Automation for businesses. AI-powered No-Code chatbot maker with live chat plugin & ChatGPT integration.
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Partners
Whitelabel Partner
Whatsapp Whitelabel Partner
Implementation Partner
Affiliate Partner
Get Started
Chatbot For Ecommerce
Chatbot For Real Estate
Chatbot For Education
Chatbot For Travel
All Templates
Free Tools
WhatsApp Link Generator
WhatsApp QR Code Generator
OpenAI API Pricing Calculator
Chatbot ROI Calculator
All Free Tools
Integrations
ChatGPT
GoHighLevel
Bitrix 24
Zoho CRM
Zapier
All Integrations
Resources
Blogs
Glossary
Help Center
Write for us
Contact Us
What’s New
Product Updates
Comparisons
BotPenguin vs Manychat
BotPenguin vs Tidio
BotPenguin vs Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs Wati
BotPenguin vs Landbot
All Comparisons
Alternatives
What you get
Lead Generation Bot
Support Bot
Assistant Bot
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Get Started
Integrations
Comparisons
Partners
Free Tools
Resources
What you get
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Copyright © 2018 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All RightsReserved.