URL: https://botpenguin.com/chatbot-industry/ecommerce
Ecommerce Chatbot | Chatbot for Ecommerce | BotPenguin
Why BotPenguin
Product
Solutions
Pricing
Partners
Resources
Login
Get Started FREE
Integrations
Experience 80+ world-class integrations.
Key Features
Take your business to the next level with our awesome key features.
Live Chat
Stay in the loop with your clientele 24*7!
Unified Inbox
Serve your customers across all platforms.
Analytics
Speedtrack your growth with our top-of-the-line analytics tools!
Mobile App
Make, monitor, & manage your AI chatbots with our mobile app.
CHATBOT COMPARISONS
BotPenguin vs. Manychat
BotPenguin vs. Tidio
BotPenguin vs. Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs. Wati
BotPenguin vs. Interakt
BotPenguin vs. AiSensy
BotPenguin vs. Landbot
WHAT CAN IT DO?
Marketing Automation
Make marketing a boon from the automation gods!
FB Automation
Engage with your customers on a deeper level.
WhatsApp Automation
Get that nifty automation for WhatsApp too!
Appointment Bookings
No more delays, BotPenguin’s got you here!
Customer Support
Your customers are in for a treat with this automation.
Lead Generation
Gain more lead without any extra effort or expenses
WHO CAN USE IT?
Healthcare
Give your patients world-class healthcare service!
Education
Make admissions and automate processes in a jiffy!
E-commerce
Create the best E-commerce service with ease!
Real Estate
Make Real Estate great again with BotPenguin!
Consultants
Boost up with our one-stop marketing solution!
SaaS
Take your SAAS game to the next level with BotPenguin!
Tours & Travels
Provide extraordinary tour and travel services with BotPenguin!
Insurance
Launch AI-driven Insurance Bot to Promote, Sell, & Manage Policies.
WHERE CAN IT RUN?
Instagram Chatbot
Attract leads, boost sales, and chat 24/7 with Instagram Chatbots.
WhatsApp Chatbot
Start conversing like a real person with BotPenguin!
Telegram Chatbot
Cutting-edge features for you to grow your business on Telegram.
Facebook Chatbot
Do everything at once with BotPenguin on Facebook.
Websites Chatbot
BotPenguin grows your website and keeps your customers engaged.
Wordpress Chatbot
BotPenguin thrives on WordPress and makes it awesome.
Microsoft Teams Chatbot
Maximize your teams productivity with MS Teams Bot.
Shopify Chatbot
Boost your Shopify Business With BotPenguin’s AI-powered chatbot.
WooCommerce Chatbot
Sell effortlessly on your WooCommerce store with BotPenguin.
Squarespace Chatbot
Get the most out of Squarespace with BotPenguin
CUSTOM DEVELOPMENT
Whitelabel ChatGPT
Apply your branding on ChatGPT, Launch your own AI platform
ChatGPT Custom Plugins
Integrate your service straight into ChatGPT
Custom Chatbot Development
Build enterprise-grade chatbots with the best
ChatGPT Clone
Add functionality and branding on ChatGPT
HIRE DEVELOPERS
Chatbot Developers
Build Lighter, Faster, Smarter-Efficiently
ChatGPT Developers
Ride the GPT wave with trained surfers
ChatGPT Consultants
Advice that makes the difference in your AI journey
PARTNER PROGRAMS
Partners Home
Join hands with us, and welcome growth
WhatsApp Whitelabel Partners
Conquer the WhatsApp land with BotPenguin’s White Label Platform
Whitelabel Partners
Say hi to the best Whitelabel chatbot platform ever
Affiliate Partners
Earn more and keep your clients happier
Implementation Partners
As they say, a partner is worth trillions!
PARTNER PRICING
Whitelabel Chatbot Pricing
Our pricing for Whitelabel Chatbot
Implementation Partnership Pricing
Our pricing for Implementation Partnership
OUR RESOURCES
Blogs
Read the latest blogs on chatbots, AI, automations & more
Videos
Watch tutorials, webinars, and demos to master our chatbots.
Case Study
Read how BotPenguin transformed business communication
E-book
Explore e-books written by experts for all your business needs!
Help Docs
Find detailed guides and tips for all your chatbot needs.
Newsroom
Explore how BotPenguin is making headlines in the chatbot industry.
Community Support
Join our vibrant community to unlock exclusive content & expert guidance
LATEST BLOG
Why is BotPenguin the best platform to develop a chatbot?
Introducing ChatGPT 4o for BotPenguin
Create your first AI Chatbot
Get Started FREE
Get an AI chatbot for your
eCommerce 🛍️ store
Send cart reminders, get payments, capture leads, & give order updates. Easier checkouts, higher sales.
Bring your store to your the customer’s fingertips with our AI ecommerce chatbot.
Get Started FREE
FREE Forever plan. No Credit Card Required.
Trusted by
40,000+
Global Brands
Display Products, Sell & Notify with a Generative AI eCommerce Chatbot.
Sell your products like a dream with organized catalogs & product recommendations in chat.
Send abandoned cart notifications, enable order tracking & much more.
Answer Product Queries
The ChatGPT-driven eCommerce chatbot trained on your product catalogs, documentation, etc., swiftly responds to customer queries, ensuring instant & accurate information.
Show Product Catalogs
Display your diverse range of products in stunning & easy-to-navigate catalogs, captivating customers and facilitating smooth product selection in chat.
Send Product Recommendations
Your eCommerce chatbot analyzes users tastes & sends personalized product suggestions based on preferences, increasing sales & customer satisfaction.
Payment Gateway Integrations
Seamlessly integrate popular payment gateways like Stripe, Razor Pay, etc., enabling secure and hassle-free customer transactions, ensuring a smooth checkout process.
Take Order Confirmation
Send order confirmation message right after the customer places the order. Instant confirmation is taken through chat, & the order delivery process is started.
Send Order Notifications
Update customers about different delivery stages i.e. packaging, shipping, cancellations, delivered, etc., with your eCommerce chatbot. Keep them satisfied till they receive their order.
Allow Order Tracking
Enable customers to track their orders in chat. The eCommerce chatbot sends tracking updates instantly, keeping customers in the loop.
Re-target Abandoned Carts
Remind your customers to pick up where they left off and complete their orders after they abandon their cart, ensuring higher sales.
Process Return, Refund, & Exchange
Streamline the return, refund, & exchange process with the eCommerce chatbot, allowing customers to initiate & track their requests effortlessly
Collect Solid Leads
eCommerce AI bot Captures & qualifies leads in chat such as name, email, phone numbers, etc., letting you plan future marketing campaigns. A time & effort saver.
Get Started FREE
Introduce AI Shopping Assistant On Your Online Store
Train the ChatGPT-driven eCommerce bot to answer FAQs, recommend products,
re-engage customers, chat with context, & more.
Offer Round-the-Clock Support
Offer 24/7 customer support with an AI bot trained on your purchase process, policies, and product knowledge base with URLs, data sets, FAQ files, & chat history.
Keyword & Intent-Based Suggestions
Generative AI chatbots can suggest products based on keywords and user intent, providing more accurate recommendations.
AI-Powered Product Search
The AI shopping assistant can guide customers to the products theyre looking for quickly & easily, reducing bounce rates and improving conversion rates.
Talk With Context
Context-aware AI enables the chatbot to provide personalized support based on customer history. Customers don’t have to repeat themselves again.
Choose a Brand-Uniform Tone
Maintain a consistent brand voice by customizing the eCommerce Chatbots tone and language to align with your brands values & communication style.
Set Up Shop on WhatsApp: eCommerce
Chatbot for WhatsApp
Create a one-stop ECommerce shop for all of your consumers’ needs on your .
WhatsApp, from sending out product brochures to tracking orders.
Send Product Catalog
Showcase your products and services to your customers.
Recover abandoned carts
Remind customers about their abandoned carts and encourage them to complete their purchase.
Discounts and Offers
Provide exclusive discounts and offers to attract more customers.
Streamline Return, Refund, & Exchange
Help your customers by processing return, refund, & exchange requests in WhatsApp DMs.
Stock Left Alerts
Notify customers about low stock of their favorite products.
Order Tracking
Allow customers to track their orders in real-time.
COD Order placement
Enable customers to place cash-on-delivery orders for convenience.
Create Custom Reminders
Set personalized reminders for customers unique to your delivery process.
Create WhatsApp Bot
Chatbots for eCommerce Store: Benefits that Keeps on Growing
Outshine your competitors with a generative AI chatbot serving your customers day & night. Reduce cart abandonment, save sales agents’ time, Fasten the checkout process, & more.
Get More Sales
Increase conversion rates and drive more sales by providing product catalogs & tailored suggestions.
Reduce Operational Costs
Automate customer support tasks & reduce the need for human intervention, saving on operational expenses.
Save Your Agents Time
Free up your sales agents from repetitive inquiries, allowing them to focus on more complex and valuable tasks.
Save Effort to Outreach
Let the chatbot handle follow-ups on existing & potential customers, saving time and effort.
Acquire More Customers
Engage potential customers with personalized human-like interactions, expanding your customer base.
Boost Product Visibility
Chatbots have high open rates, ensuring more exposure for your products and promotions.
Speed Up the Checkout Process
Streamline the shopping journey by facilitating product search & buying through chat.
Add an eCommerce Chatbot to Your Favorite Platform
Your customers are scattered across different platforms, so it’s good that BotPenguin’s omnichannel
eCommerce Chatbot works on websites, social sites, and eCommerce platforms.
WhatsApp
WhatsApp
Create a storefront on your WhatsApp with an eCommerce bot. Enable effortless product selection, cart notifications, nurture with drip & broadcasts, & more.
Messenger
Messenger
Improve customer interaction on Facebook with an eCommerce bot that facilitates sales, answers customer queries, suggests products, & send promotional DMs.
Website
Website
Add an eCommerce chatbot to your website to offer shopping assistance to visitors, solve FAQs, show products, and send order notifications, leading to higher conversions.
Woocommerce
Woocommerce
An omnichannel eCommerce chatbot that integrates with your WooCommerce online store and WhatsApp, providing a one-stop solution for customer assistance and sales.
Shopify
Shopify
Add an AI bot to your Shopify store & WhatsApp. Let customers view product catalog, make payments, get order updates, request refunds, returns, & more.
Create eCommerce Bot
Get More Eyes on Your Products with AI-driven
eCommerce Chatbot
Set up marketing automation with a chatbot for eCommerce & receive better CTR than emails & ads. Get
seen & sold with targeted nurturing via drip, broadcasts, product notifications, etc.
Schedule Drip & Broadcast Campaigns
Automate targeted marketing campaigns at optimal timings with the eCommerce chatbot, ensuring maximum engagement and conversions.
Abandoned Cart Discount
Recover abandoned carts by offering exclusive discounts through the generative AI chatbot, motivating customers to complete their purchase.
Limited Stock Alerts
Notify customers about limited stock availability in real-time through the chatbot, encouraging prompt purchases before items run out.
Upsell & Cross-Sell
Increase order value by suggesting complementary products and upgrades to customers during their chatbot interaction.
Send Coupon Codes
Deliver personalized coupon codes directly to customers via the chatbot, incentivizing them to make a purchase and enhancing customer satisfaction.
Exit Intent Discount
Retain potential lost customers by providing enticing discounts when they attempt to leave your website or chat.
Post Sales Follow-Up
Ensure customer satisfaction by sending personalized follow-up messages, resolving any issues, and offering additional assistance.
Birthday Greeting
Celebrate customers on their special day with personalized birthday greetings and exclusive offers, building customer loyalty and engagement.
Let the Chatbot Capture Hot Leads & Facilitate Appointment Booking
Use the eCommerce bot to generate leads with natural conversations. Plus, customers can book appointments from chat.
Sync the captured data over to your CRM.
Capture & Qualify Leads
Engage potential customers with personalized and automated conversations to generate and qualify leads.
Send the Leads Data To Your CRM
Ensure that all lead data is automatically synced with your CRM for easy tracking and follow-up.
Upload Your Existing Customer List
Transfer your prospect or customer list from other platforms to BotPenguin and stay connected with your customer base.
Book Appointments In Chat
BotPenguin integrates with Google Calender, Simplybook, & Calendly, & more to help customers appointment appointments 24/7.
Integrate With Your Booking Tool
Seamlessly integrate the chatbot with your existing booking tool to streamline the appointment booking process.
eCommerce Chatbot Powers Up Your customer
Support
Keep the customer support strong with our ChatGPT-driven ECommerce Chatbot doing the heavy lifting.
Help customers with product enquiries, order issues, policy FAQs, & more.
Live Chat with customers
Engage in real-time conversations and provide instant support to customers through the eCommerce chatbots live chat feature.
Add your Customer Support Teams
Collaborate with your sales teams by adding them to the eCommerce chatbot platform, allowing them to assist customers and drive sales.
Integrate With Your Ticketing Systems
Seamlessly integrate the eCommerce chatbot with your existing ticketing systems, ensuring smooth customer issue management and resolution.
Add Tags & Segment Customers
Organize and categorize customers based on their interactions and preferences with the chatbot, enabling personalized support and marketing campaigns.
Integrate With Your CRM
Connect the eCommerce chatbot to your preferred (CRM) system, be it HubSpot, Zoho, Agile, etc., keeping a unified customer database & enhancing customer service.
Unified Inbox
Access and manage all customer interactions in a centralized inbox, ensuring efficient communication and consistent support across multiple channels.
Detailed Customer Profiling
Gather comprehensive customer data through the chatbot, enabling in-depth customer profiling for personalized support and targeted marketing.
Collect Feedback
The eCommerce chatbot can get valuable feedback from customers, allowing you to improve your products, services, and overall customer experience.
Boost eCommerce Sales & Streamline
Support Across Industries
Rake in the cash for your eCommerce store with AI Chatbot. Be it Clothing, skincare, home decor, health,
groceries, or more, your AI bot has got your back.
Fashion
Send trendy recommendations, effortless shopping, style advice, personalized outfits, & updates.
Skincare & Cosmetics
Give beauty tips, and personalized skincare routines, and offer expert advice wherever needed.
Health & Wellness
Share wellness tips, personalized health plans, and fitness advice, & facilitate appointment bookings.
Computer & Consumer Electronics
Give expert advice on the latest gadgets, show products, give spec details, and find the perfect tech solutions.
Home Decor
Help customers with interior design tips, personalized decor suggestions, and the latest style updates.
Groceries & Food
Send grocery catalog in chat, recipe suggestions, meal planning assistance, & give dietary advice anytime.
Digital Services
Offer round-the-clock support, collect leads to sell services, provide suggestions, & ensure smooth navigation.
Pet Care
Let customers take care of their pooches & cats with 24/7 pet care, pet food, collars, & leash catalogs, & more.
Auto and Parts
Allow customers to find the right auto parts, get maintenance tips, and expert assistance for their vehicle.
Launch Your eCommerce Chatbot in 2 minutes With Business-Ready Templates
Be it Pizza store or answer queries, you can keep it human friendly with our chatbot templates.
eCommerce Product Catalog
Showcase and sell your products with an interactive catalog experience.
Answer Ecommerce Queries
Keep it fast and glorious with BotPenguin answering most of the queries.
Pizza Store
Take orders or help your customers track their delicious pizza.
Eatery Order
Streamline food ordering process & tracking with an efficient AI bot.
Flower Delivery
Help your customers track their delivery effortlessly.
Car Rental
Provide hassle-free car rental services with easy bookings and assistance.
Make My E-Comemerce Awesome
Everyone Loves Native Integrations and
So Does BotPenguin
No need to pay any fee for integrations, like ever. With its 80+ native integrations,
BotPenguin plays well with others for the best ecommerce experience.
and more than 80 tools to integrate
Build your conversational chatbot today
Frequently Asked Questions
What is eCommerce chatbot?
An eCommerce chatbot is an AI-powered tool that automates tasks like customer support, show product catalogs, accept payments, order status updates, process return & refunds, and order tracking in chat.
How do I use ChatGPT for eCommerce?
You can train ChatGPT on product data, store policies, domentations, online store url, and FAQs to assist customers, recommend products, and personalize interactions for better eCommerce experiences.
How to create eCommerce bot?
Create an eCommerce bot by defining its purpose, training it on relevant data, integrating with platforms, and optimizing for customer engagement.
How do bots affect e-commerce?
Bots enhance e-commerce by automating tasks, providing personalized experiences, improving customer service, and increasing sales through targeted interactions.
What is the best chatbot for ecommerce?
BotPenguin stands out for eCommerce with robust features like order tracking, automated customer support, cart abandonment recovery, personalized product recommendations, and seamless payment integrations.
What is online shopping bot?
An online shopping bot is an AI-powered tool that assists users in various stages of their shopping journey, from product discovery to checkout and beyond.
What are the benefits of using AI in e-commerce?
AI in e-commerce improves customer experience with 24/7 support & FAQ resolution, AI Live chat, drives sales with personalized recommendations, AI-driven product search, etc.
What is a chatbot in marketing?
A chatbot in marketing is an AI tool used to engage customers, run loyalty program, send gift cards, nurture with drip & broadcast campaigns, & more.
What is an example of ecommerce chatbot?
An example of an eCommerce chatbot is one that assists customers in finding products, answering queries, and facilitating transactions seamlessly within a messaging platform.
What is B2B chatbot?
A B2B chatbot is an AI-powered tool designed to assist businesses in managing inquiries, processing orders, and providing support to other businesses.
How do I create a WhatsApp bot for ecommerce?
Create a WhatsApp bot for eCommerce using platforms like BotPenguin, which offer easy-to-use tools for building and deploying chatbots on WhatsApp.
How can I use WhatsApp in ecommerce?
Use WhatsApp in eCommerce to engage customers, provide support, send order updates, offer personalized recommendations, and facilitate transactions seamlessly through payment gateway integration.
Is WhatsApp chatbot free?
Yes, BotPenguin allows you to create a WhatsApp chatbot for free, offering 100 conversations per month.
What our Customers say
Delivering value, earning trust. Hear good words about
BotPenguin on these platforms
G2
"Their ability to execute in a timely manner. If you want to start an AI Chatbot business then this is the place. - They have a great work environment, and know how important it is to be efficient."
-
Gustav Louv
5-Star Rating
View More
Capterra
"We are using BotPenguin for our Facebook bots, responding to Facebook messages automatically. Currently handling millions of messages on a monthly basis and really great product."
-
Twana D.
4.6-Star Rating
View More
Trustpilot
"Its Whatsapp Automation with API is really practical for sales & marketing objective. If it comes with analytics about campaign result it will be awesome."
-
BD Michae
5-Star Rating
View More
Good Firms
"Their timely communication is the reason for the great project management. Our descriptions are precisely translated into needs by BotPenguin, and they possess the necessary skill set to execute features in a timely manner."
-
Yashi Amola
5-Star Rating
View More
Crozdesk
"The team at BotPenguin contributed knowledge not just about using Generative AI but also about how these technologies may be customized to meet our needs in the asset and wealth management industry. It was amazing how well they could convert difficult technical ideas into workable, approachable solutions. Furthermore, the team at BotPenguin has shown a remarkable capacity for creative problem-solving, as demonstrated by their approach to challenging project specifications."
-
Phil Johnson
5-Star Rating
View More
BotPenguin can help your eCommerce platform grow, for free!
Get Bot Penguin Now
BotPenguin is the best AI Chatbot maker platform. Create a Chatbot for WhatsApp, Website, Facebook Messenger, Telegram, WordPress & Shopify with BotPenguin - 100% FREE! Our chatbot creator helps with lead generation, appointment booking, customer support, marketing automation, WhatsApp & Facebook Automation for businesses. AI-powered No-Code chatbot maker with live chat plugin & ChatGPT integration.
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Partners
Whitelabel Partner
Whatsapp Whitelabel Partner
Implementation Partner
Affiliate Partner
Get Started
Chatbot For Ecommerce
Chatbot For Real Estate
Chatbot For Education
Chatbot For Travel
All Templates
Free Tools
WhatsApp Link Generator
WhatsApp QR Code Generator
OpenAI API Pricing Calculator
Chatbot ROI Calculator
All Free Tools
Integrations
ChatGPT
GoHighLevel
Bitrix 24
Zoho CRM
Zapier
All Integrations
Resources
Blogs
Glossary
Help Center
Write for us
Contact Us
What’s New
Product Updates
Comparisons
BotPenguin vs Manychat
BotPenguin vs Tidio
BotPenguin vs Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs Wati
BotPenguin vs Landbot
All Comparisons
Alternatives
What you get
Lead Generation Bot
Support Bot
Assistant Bot
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Get Started
Integrations
Comparisons
Partners
Free Tools
Resources
What you get
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Copyright © 2018 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All RightsReserved.