URL: https://botpenguin.com/platform/chatbot-for-website
FREE AI Chatbot for Website | Live Chat Plugin | BotPenguin
Why BotPenguin
Product
Solutions
Pricing
Partners
Resources
Login
Get Started FREE
Integrations
Experience 80+ world-class integrations.
Key Features
Take your business to the next level with our awesome key features.
Live Chat
Stay in the loop with your clientele 24*7!
Unified Inbox
Serve your customers across all platforms.
Analytics
Speedtrack your growth with our top-of-the-line analytics tools!
Mobile App
Make, monitor, & manage your AI chatbots with our mobile app.
CHATBOT COMPARISONS
BotPenguin vs. Manychat
BotPenguin vs. Tidio
BotPenguin vs. Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs. Wati
BotPenguin vs. Interakt
BotPenguin vs. AiSensy
BotPenguin vs. Landbot
WHAT CAN IT DO?
Marketing Automation
Make marketing a boon from the automation gods!
FB Automation
Engage with your customers on a deeper level.
WhatsApp Automation
Get that nifty automation for WhatsApp too!
Appointment Bookings
No more delays, BotPenguin’s got you here!
Customer Support
Your customers are in for a treat with this automation.
Lead Generation
Gain more lead without any extra effort or expenses
WHO CAN USE IT?
Healthcare
Give your patients world-class healthcare service!
Education
Make admissions and automate processes in a jiffy!
E-commerce
Create the best E-commerce service with ease!
Real Estate
Make Real Estate great again with BotPenguin!
Consultants
Boost up with our one-stop marketing solution!
SaaS
Take your SAAS game to the next level with BotPenguin!
Tours & Travels
Provide extraordinary tour and travel services with BotPenguin!
Insurance
Launch AI-driven Insurance Bot to Promote, Sell, & Manage Policies.
WHERE CAN IT RUN?
Instagram Chatbot
Attract leads, boost sales, and chat 24/7 with Instagram Chatbots.
WhatsApp Chatbot
Start conversing like a real person with BotPenguin!
Telegram Chatbot
Cutting-edge features for you to grow your business on Telegram.
Facebook Chatbot
Do everything at once with BotPenguin on Facebook.
Websites Chatbot
BotPenguin grows your website and keeps your customers engaged.
Wordpress Chatbot
BotPenguin thrives on WordPress and makes it awesome.
Microsoft Teams Chatbot
Maximize your teams productivity with MS Teams Bot.
Shopify Chatbot
Boost your Shopify Business With BotPenguin’s AI-powered chatbot.
WooCommerce Chatbot
Sell effortlessly on your WooCommerce store with BotPenguin.
Squarespace Chatbot
Get the most out of Squarespace with BotPenguin
CUSTOM DEVELOPMENT
Whitelabel ChatGPT
Apply your branding on ChatGPT, Launch your own AI platform
ChatGPT Custom Plugins
Integrate your service straight into ChatGPT
Custom Chatbot Development
Build enterprise-grade chatbots with the best
ChatGPT Clone
Add functionality and branding on ChatGPT
HIRE DEVELOPERS
Chatbot Developers
Build Lighter, Faster, Smarter-Efficiently
ChatGPT Developers
Ride the GPT wave with trained surfers
ChatGPT Consultants
Advice that makes the difference in your AI journey
PARTNER PROGRAMS
Partners Home
Join hands with us, and welcome growth
WhatsApp Whitelabel Partners
Conquer the WhatsApp land with BotPenguin’s White Label Platform
Whitelabel Partners
Say hi to the best Whitelabel chatbot platform ever
Affiliate Partners
Earn more and keep your clients happier
Implementation Partners
As they say, a partner is worth trillions!
PARTNER PRICING
Whitelabel Chatbot Pricing
Our pricing for Whitelabel Chatbot
Implementation Partnership Pricing
Our pricing for Implementation Partnership
OUR RESOURCES
Blogs
Read the latest blogs on chatbots, AI, automations & more
Videos
Watch tutorials, webinars, and demos to master our chatbots.
Case Study
Read how BotPenguin transformed business communication
E-book
Explore e-books written by experts for all your business needs!
Help Docs
Find detailed guides and tips for all your chatbot needs.
Newsroom
Explore how BotPenguin is making headlines in the chatbot industry.
Community Support
Join our vibrant community to unlock exclusive content & expert guidance
LATEST BLOG
Why is BotPenguin the best platform to develop a chatbot?
Introducing ChatGPT 4o for BotPenguin
Create your first AI Chatbot
Get Started FREE
Get AI Chatbot for Websites to Give Instant Solutions  to Your Customers' Queries
Add an AI chatbot to help website visitors and customers bookappointments, sign up, get answers, buy products & services, & more.
Get Started
FREE
FREE Forever plan. No Credit Card Required.
Trusted by
40,000+
Global Brands
Get a Multi-Tasking AI Chatbot for Your Website
Launch your website chatbot in 3 just minutes without coding trained on your resources to give the best
customer experience around the clock.
Train Your AI Chatbot
You can train the AI bot with custom data sets, URL scraping, FAQs, knowledge base, and customer interactions.
Get Qualified Leads
Your website chatbot can easily talk to customers and gather & qualify their contact details. It also can sync the data to any CRM.
Give Timely Customer Support
Help customers get accurate answers, connect to live chat, and navigate your site 24/7 with a web chatbot
Book Appointments
Let customers seamlessly book slots for classes, meetings, sessions, events, & more from the AI website chat.
Improve Conversation Rates
Make the purchase journey easier with in-chat product catalogs, order status updates, payments, and abandoned cart notifications.
Live Chat for Website
Get in touch with visitors in real-time using omnichannel Live Chat. Take over the chat whenever you feel like it.
Book a demo
1.98Bn+
Active Users
190+
Countries
180+
Languages
Reach your customers on scale, save on cost and time
Your AI Chatbot, Your Rules
Configure your website chatbot’s AI according to your business needs
Speak in Your Customers' Tongue
The website bot can easily detect customers’ language and change their chat language accordingly instantly.
Personalize with Profile
Collect all customer details, like social channels, devices, visited pages, etc., to build a profile and personalize responses.
Reply According to Chat History
Let your bot respond to users based on chat history and provide a consistent experience.
Set a Tone and Persona
Using BotPenguin’s website chatbot builder, you can create your bot’s avatar. Afterward, set the tone that reflects your brand voice.
Offer 24/7 Customer Support With a Chatbot for Website
Build personalized conversations with your customer. Use Live chat widget and chatbot to reply instantly to
your website customers
Train chatbot on Your Website Data
Build a website chatbot trained on your website data to answer all frequently asked questions.
Integrate with Ticketing System
Let your customers raise tickets from the website chatbot itself. BotPenguin will push them to your ticketing system.
Create Your Team
Add a team of human agents to manage complex conversations and assign support roles to them.
Natural Language Processing
Get an AI chatbot for website that understands and responds to user inputs in a human-like manner.
Live Chat
Let your website bot talk to your customers whenever they need help. For complex issues, you can take over the chat
Record User Inputs
Keep track of customer questions and use that data to train your chatbot for websites to become smarter.
Create an AI-driven Website Chatbot to Offer Seamless User Experience
Add AI Chatbots
Boost Your eCommerce Business With a Website Chatbot
BotPenguin’s chatbot for websites can handle it all, from order collection to customer support. Create the
best shopping experience your customers deserve.
Intelligent Order Collection
Let BotPenguin talk to your website visitors & gather lead details.
Enhanced Customer Support
This website chatbot builder allows you to automatically show a product or service catalog to your customers when they need it.
80+ Seamless Integration
Capture leads with website chatbot builder & push them to your CRM using BotPenguin chatbot integration.
Secure Payment Processing
Enable secure and hassle-free payments through your website chatbot by integrating popular payment gateways.
Analytics and Insights
Gain valuable insights into customer behavior, preferences, and frequently asked questions by analyzing the chatbot's interactions, helping you optimize your eCommerce strategy.
Personalized Shopping Assistance
Let your customers book a demo using a website chatbot. BotPenguin will update your calendar once they book.
Create Your AI Web Assistant
Build Your AI Chatbot for Website Marketing Needs
Automate your marketing and connect with customers to lead them through your conversion funnels.
Lead Generation & Qualification
Use an AI chatbot to capture and qualify leads, gather contact info, and identify potential customers.
Personalized Customer Engagement
Deliver tailored marketing messages, promotions, and offers based on customer preferences and behavior.
Automated Campaign Management
Automate email marketing, social media promotions, and targeted ads with a chatbot.
Instant Customer Support
Integrate chatbot with marketing channels for real-time customer support and prompt responses.
Data Analytics & Insights
Analyze chatbot interactions to gain valuable insights for data-driven decision-making in marketing strategies.
Streamlined Sales Funnel
Guided customers through conversion funnels, provided recommendations, and facilitated purchases for an enhanced experience.
Level Up my Marketing
Upgrade Your Real Estate Portal with
an AI-Driven Website Chatbot
Generate leads and solve queries in real time for a smoother customer experience like never before.
Lead Nurturing and Qualification
BotPenguin collects data to build a comprehensive customer profile, enabling personalized interactions and improved customer experience.
Real-Time Property Information
Let generative AI answer frequently asked questions, saving time and providing instant customer solutions.
Integrate with your CRM
Seamlessly integrate the chatbot with your ticketing system, ensuring a streamlined support process.
Property Listings and Recommendations
Enable live chat between customers and agents for real-time support, allowing the agent to take over.
Schedule Property Visits
Gather valuable insights from customers by prompting them for feedback after their purchase, helping improve your products, services, and overall customer experience.
Mortgage and Financing Assistance
Break language barriers with automatic language translation, allowing customers to communicate in their preferred language.
Get a Digital Assistant for Your Website with Our Chatbot Builder
Get a FREE chatbot today
AI Chatbot for Websites to Offer Intuitive Healthcare Services
Keep your users informed with prescriptions, appointments, and the
best assistance available right away from your website chatbot.
Appointment Booking
Share Patient Reports
Post Consultation Support via Live Chat
Medical Record and History Retrieval
Health Tips and Insights
Prescription Refills
Use Chatbot for Websites to Amplify Learning Experiences
Collect leads, respond to queries, book appointments, and
collect documents with ease using chatbot for your website
Collect Admission Leads
Answer admission queries with live chat
Appointment Booking
Share Student reports
Book a live demo
8 Reasons to Choose BotPenguin’s Website Chatbot Builder
Opt for an AI chatbot for websites that automate your manual tasks with ease.
Launch your chatbot anywhere on your website within a few clicks.
Drag and Drop Chatbot builder
80+ Native Integrations
Customer Chat Analytics
Allow Chatbot on Specific Pages
Get leads on your email
Create a Team for Live Chat
Ready to Use Chat templates
Unified Chat Inbox
Frequently Asked Questions
Can you use a chatbot on your website?
Definitely! A Chatbot for websites can help you automate customer queries, reduce response time, and improve overall customer experience.
Where can I find a free website chatbot?
BotPenguin offers a FREE Forever plan with essential features that help your website chatbot respond 24/7 to your customers' needs. Train your Chatbot for website user engagement using AI web & custom data scraping, conditional flows, quick responses, and customer interactions. Deploy it anywhere on your site using script codes or links.
Is there a free online chatbot creator?
Yes, BotPenguin offers a no-code drag-and-drop builder for creating a website chatbot, making it easier for anyone, regardless of their technical background. Also, you get 2000 messages monthly and an uncapped contact list. Using our platform, you can create chatbot for websites in two minutes.
Which chatbot is best for a website?
BotPenguin offers the best-in-class website chatbots with powerful features such as AI capabilities, marketing automation, personalized messages, seamless user interface, and chat flow. You get ready-made templates, 80+ native integrations, and onboarding assistance to build the chatbots for websites.
How can I create the best AI chatbot for websites?
BotPenguin offers an easy-to-use, no-coding-required website chatbot builder. It only takes a few steps to create a website chatbot that instantly responds to customers 24/7. BotPenguin’s chatbot for websites is laden with AI features like URL and data scraping, FAQ upload, contextual responses, auto-translation, and more.
Is there a free chatbot for websites looking to improve the eCommerce shopping experience?
Yes, BotPenguin offers chatbots for websites specifically designed to elevate the online shopping experience by streamlining order processing, customer inquiries, and key notifications delivery..
What is the use of AI chatbot for websites?
A website chatbot can help automate customer inquiries, provide instant responses and solutions, gather customer data, streamline lead generation, and improve customer engagement.
How effective are chatbots on websites?
Website chatbots can be highly effective in improving customer engagement, reducing response time, streamlining lead generation, and automating customer inquiries.
What our Customers say
Delivering value, earning trust. Hear good words about
BotPenguin on these platforms
G2
"Their ability to execute in a timely manner. If you want to start an AI Chatbot business then this is the place. - They have a great work environment, and know how important it is to be efficient."
-
Gustav Louv
5-Star Rating
View More
Capterra
"We are using BotPenguin for our Facebook bots, responding to Facebook messages automatically. Currently handling millions of messages on a monthly basis and really great product."
-
Twana D.
4.6-Star Rating
View More
Trustpilot
"Its Whatsapp Automation with API is really practical for sales & marketing objective. If it comes with analytics about campaign result it will be awesome."
-
BD Michae
5-Star Rating
View More
Good Firms
"Their timely communication is the reason for the great project management. Our descriptions are precisely translated into needs by BotPenguin, and they possess the necessary skill set to execute features in a timely manner."
-
Yashi Amola
5-Star Rating
View More
Crozdesk
"The team at BotPenguin contributed knowledge not just about using Generative AI but also about how these technologies may be customized to meet our needs in the asset and wealth management industry. It was amazing how well they could convert difficult technical ideas into workable, approachable solutions. Furthermore, the team at BotPenguin has shown a remarkable capacity for creative problem-solving, as demonstrated by their approach to challenging project specifications."
-
Phil Johnson
5-Star Rating
View More
Create a Chatbot for Website & Skyrocket Your Customer Engagement
Book a demo
BotPenguin is the best AI Chatbot maker platform. Create a Chatbot for WhatsApp, Website, Facebook Messenger, Telegram, WordPress & Shopify with BotPenguin - 100% FREE! Our chatbot creator helps with lead generation, appointment booking, customer support, marketing automation, WhatsApp & Facebook Automation for businesses. AI-powered No-Code chatbot maker with live chat plugin & ChatGPT integration.
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Partners
Whitelabel Partner
Whatsapp Whitelabel Partner
Implementation Partner
Affiliate Partner
Get Started
Chatbot For Ecommerce
Chatbot For Real Estate
Chatbot For Education
Chatbot For Travel
All Templates
Free Tools
WhatsApp Link Generator
WhatsApp QR Code Generator
OpenAI API Pricing Calculator
Chatbot ROI Calculator
All Free Tools
Integrations
ChatGPT
GoHighLevel
Bitrix 24
Zoho CRM
Zapier
All Integrations
Resources
Blogs
Glossary
Help Center
Write for us
Contact Us
What’s New
Product Updates
Comparisons
BotPenguin vs Manychat
BotPenguin vs Tidio
BotPenguin vs Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs Wati
BotPenguin vs Landbot
All Comparisons
Alternatives
What you get
Lead Generation Bot
Support Bot
Assistant Bot
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Get Started
Integrations
Comparisons
Partners
Free Tools
Resources
What you get
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Copyright © 2018 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All RightsReserved.