URL: https://botpenguin.com/platform/chatbot-for-telegram
FREE Telegram Chatbot builder | Create a bot | BotPenguin
Why BotPenguin
Product
Solutions
Pricing
Partners
Resources
Login
Get Started FREE
Integrations
Experience 80+ world-class integrations.
Key Features
Take your business to the next level with our awesome key features.
Live Chat
Stay in the loop with your clientele 24*7!
Unified Inbox
Serve your customers across all platforms.
Analytics
Speedtrack your growth with our top-of-the-line analytics tools!
Mobile App
Make, monitor, & manage your AI chatbots with our mobile app.
CHATBOT COMPARISONS
BotPenguin vs. Manychat
BotPenguin vs. Tidio
BotPenguin vs. Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs. Wati
BotPenguin vs. Interakt
BotPenguin vs. AiSensy
BotPenguin vs. Landbot
WHAT CAN IT DO?
Marketing Automation
Make marketing a boon from the automation gods!
FB Automation
Engage with your customers on a deeper level.
WhatsApp Automation
Get that nifty automation for WhatsApp too!
Appointment Bookings
No more delays, BotPenguin’s got you here!
Customer Support
Your customers are in for a treat with this automation.
Lead Generation
Gain more lead without any extra effort or expenses
WHO CAN USE IT?
Healthcare
Give your patients world-class healthcare service!
Education
Make admissions and automate processes in a jiffy!
E-commerce
Create the best E-commerce service with ease!
Real Estate
Make Real Estate great again with BotPenguin!
Consultants
Boost up with our one-stop marketing solution!
SaaS
Take your SAAS game to the next level with BotPenguin!
Tours & Travels
Provide extraordinary tour and travel services with BotPenguin!
Insurance
Launch AI-driven Insurance Bot to Promote, Sell, & Manage Policies.
WHERE CAN IT RUN?
Instagram Chatbot
Attract leads, boost sales, and chat 24/7 with Instagram Chatbots.
WhatsApp Chatbot
Start conversing like a real person with BotPenguin!
Telegram Chatbot
Cutting-edge features for you to grow your business on Telegram.
Facebook Chatbot
Do everything at once with BotPenguin on Facebook.
Websites Chatbot
BotPenguin grows your website and keeps your customers engaged.
Wordpress Chatbot
BotPenguin thrives on WordPress and makes it awesome.
Microsoft Teams Chatbot
Maximize your teams productivity with MS Teams Bot.
Shopify Chatbot
Boost your Shopify Business With BotPenguin’s AI-powered chatbot.
WooCommerce Chatbot
Sell effortlessly on your WooCommerce store with BotPenguin.
Squarespace Chatbot
Get the most out of Squarespace with BotPenguin
CUSTOM DEVELOPMENT
Whitelabel ChatGPT
Apply your branding on ChatGPT, Launch your own AI platform
ChatGPT Custom Plugins
Integrate your service straight into ChatGPT
Custom Chatbot Development
Build enterprise-grade chatbots with the best
ChatGPT Clone
Add functionality and branding on ChatGPT
HIRE DEVELOPERS
Chatbot Developers
Build Lighter, Faster, Smarter-Efficiently
ChatGPT Developers
Ride the GPT wave with trained surfers
ChatGPT Consultants
Advice that makes the difference in your AI journey
PARTNER PROGRAMS
Partners Home
Join hands with us, and welcome growth
WhatsApp Whitelabel Partners
Conquer the WhatsApp land with BotPenguin’s White Label Platform
Whitelabel Partners
Say hi to the best Whitelabel chatbot platform ever
Affiliate Partners
Earn more and keep your clients happier
Implementation Partners
As they say, a partner is worth trillions!
PARTNER PRICING
Whitelabel Chatbot Pricing
Our pricing for Whitelabel Chatbot
Implementation Partnership Pricing
Our pricing for Implementation Partnership
OUR RESOURCES
Blogs
Read the latest blogs on chatbots, AI, automations & more
Videos
Watch tutorials, webinars, and demos to master our chatbots.
Case Study
Read how BotPenguin transformed business communication
E-book
Explore e-books written by experts for all your business needs!
Help Docs
Find detailed guides and tips for all your chatbot needs.
Newsroom
Explore how BotPenguin is making headlines in the chatbot industry.
Community Support
Join our vibrant community to unlock exclusive content & expert guidance
LATEST BLOG
Why is BotPenguin the best platform to develop a chatbot?
Introducing ChatGPT 4o for BotPenguin
Create your first AI Chatbot
Get Started FREE
Create Telegram Chatbots Effortlessly With BotPenguin
Launch chatbots for Telegram with a drag-and-drop platform. Build AI-driven lead pipelinesand marketing funnels and support bots with our no-code bot builder!
Get Started
FREE
FREE Forever plan. No Credit Card Required.
Trusted by
40,000+
Global Brands
Use Telegram Chatbots to Fullfil Multiple Business Roles
Chatbots for Telegram help you grow your business exponentially with no effort. Monetize Telegram’s reach
with cutting-edge AI chatbots.
Provide customer support
Build a Telegram chatbot to provide amazing customer support and be available for your audience 24/7.
Marketing Automation
Create customer segments and target them with automated broadcast and drip campaigns.
Increase sales
Send product suggestions, facilitate purchases, and notify abandoned carts through the Telegram chatbot.
Unified Inbox & Live Chat
Our Telegram bot offers a centralized inbox and live chat feature to keep all your contacts & conversations in one place.
Appointment Booking
Let your customers book meetings, tickets, sessions, classes, etc., seamlessly within the chat window.
Share Files
Securely share documents, images, videos, and more with an end-to-end encrypted Telegram bot.
Book a demo
900Mn
Active Users
155+
Countries
66
Languages
Reach your customers on scale, save on cost and time
Build Advanced AI Automation with Your Telegram Bot
Power your chatbot for Telegram using conversational AI and build automation to nurture your customers
24/7.
Training your AI chatbot
Prep your chatbot to tackle any query with website scraping, FAQs, customer interactions, and data sets.
Contextual Chatting
Make your interactions more human with context-aware chatbots that respond according to chat history.
Language Translation
The AI Telegram chatbot understands customers' language and automatically translates its messages for them.
Support Anytime
Unlike human agents, your AI-driven Telegram bots can be available for customers anytime they need help.
Automate User Journey
Design and automate workflow for the entire user journey on Telegram, from start to finish.
Free Telegram chatbot builder for Customer Support
Offer an AI-driven conversational experience to your customers through our simple, no-code Telegram
chatbot builder. Architect personalized conversations across the customer lifecycle!
Personalized Messages
Send greetings, notifications, coupon codes, and more to make users feel valued.
Unified Customer Profile
BotPenguin collects various data points throughout visitors' interaction with a chatbot to build a unified customer profile.
Answer FAQs
Build a Telegram chatbot and train it on your business data to Enhance customer service by automating FAQ answers.
Integrate with the Ticketing System
Telegram chatbot lets you reroute inquiries for better customer assistance by automatically generating tickets in your ticketing system.
Live Chat with Agent Takeover
Hand over the conversation to a live chat agent when required and stay in touch with your customers in real-time.
Send Telegram Notifications
Send alerts and notifications for a new product or service launch or any return/order requests.
Use BotPenguin to Scale Your Business on Telegram
Create Your Telegram Chatbot Today
Conversational AI-driven Chatbot for Marketing
Set your marketing on auto-pilot with BotPenguin’s AI Chatbot for Telegram. Get actionable insights from
the analytics dashboard, live chat console & much more!
Drip Campaigns
Boost engagement using drip campaigns to offers & promo codes. Turn visitors into loyal customers with the Telegram chatbot.
Bulk message Campaigns
Reach out to all your customers or group of customers in one go, using bulk messaging by BotPenguin.
Telegram Messenger Notifications
Send notifications for new products & services or to keep them informed about your business.
Multiple Widgets
Redirect your customers to the Telegram chatbot by using widgets for ads, a Telegram button, a website widget, a QR code, or a reference URL.
Integrate with Marketing Tools
Connect the chatbot for Telegram to your other marketing tools like HubSpot, MailChimp, and GoHighLeveL to build automation.
Telegram Chatbot Builder for eCommerce Businesses
Let your prospects contact you at any time with high availability. Provide intelligent answers to simple
questions quickly and build trust to win quick deals.
Collect Customer Details
Your Telegram chatbot can converse with your customers and collect their contact details easily.
Show your catalog
You can effortlessly showcase your products or services to your customers in real-time, by setting up automatic catalog displays.
Increase sales
Reach out to your leads at the right time and right place with a telegram chatbot maker. BotPenguin assists you in increasing sales.
Live Chat + Agent
Use a live chat component on the Telegram bot to interact with leads right away & assist them to move to the buying stage.
Order Tracking
Customers can track and know their order statuses through a seamless chat interface.
Appointment Booking
Let your customers book an appointment using Telegram chatbots integrated with Simplybook, Google Calendar, and Calendly.
Integrate with your CRM
Capture all the sales data & sync it with your favorite CRM in real-time using native integrations like HubSpot, Salesforce, Zoho, etc.
Get Started FREE
Chatbot for Telegram to Streamline Your
Hiring Process
Maintain simplicity throughout the process. Keep the team's creativity while delegating the majority of the
work to the best Telegram chatbot builder platform.
Send Bulk Messages
Broadcasting is the way to go. Reach out to candidates in one go. Use the Telegram chatbot to hire without manual effort.
Automated Candidate Screening
Enable the Telegram chatbot to perform initial screening of candidates, gather crucial details, and evaluate primary qualifications.
File Upload
Let candidates upload resumes, portfolios, or any document relevant to the hiring process.
Live Chat Interviews
Utilize live chat to conduct panel interviews or have a general discussion with your potential candidates.
Interview Booking
Let your candidates book interview slots easily with BotPenguin's Telegram chatbots. It keeps your calendar in sync.
Integration with Applicant Tracking System
Effortlessly integrate the chatbot with your ATS to simplify the management of candidate data by organizing it.
Use BotPenguin to Scale Your Business on Telegram
Create Your Telegram Chatbot Today
Telegram Chatbot Builder for D2C or Ecommerce
Take your digital shop to Telegram, offer a one-stop shop for everything they need, from sending ge catalogs to tracking orders.
Send Product Catalog
Recover Abandoned Carts
Discounts and Offers
Back in stock Alerts
Order Tracking
Discounts and Offers
Grow your business today
Be the Best at Real Estate with Chatbot for Telegram
Boost your real estate business with our Telegram chatbot, maximizing customer engagement and streamlining property
inquiries for a competitive advantage.
Property Search and Listings
Notify them About New Deals
Booking for Property Viewing
Property Valuation Assistance
Integration with CRM Systems
Live Chat with Your Telegram Customers
Start Your Real Estate Journey
Telegram chatbot for Efficient Healthcare
Use the Telegram chatbot to provide seamless access to medical information, appointments,
personalized assistance for patients and healthcare providers.
Automated Appointment Booking
Send Patient Reports
Post Consultation Support
Collect Payments
Medication Reminders
Health Monitoring and Analytics
Personalized Health Insights
Try BotPenguin for Free
Revamp Learning and Education
with Ed-Tech Telegram Chatbot
Transform the world of education with our Ed-Tech Telegram chatbot, optimizing learning experiences and delivering
personalized assistance to students and educators.
Answer Admission Queries
Send Class Reminders
Share Student Reports
Stay in Touch with Students
Language Learning Support
Integration with Learning Platforms
Build My Ed-Tech Bot Today
8 Reasons to Choose BotPenguin’s Telegram Chatbot Maker
BotPenguin’s Telegram bots are easy to build, train, and deploy. You can get your chatbot up and running
within minutes. It also offers:
40+ Chat templates
Pabbly & Zapier Integration
80+ Native Integrations
Customer Analytics
Conversation AI
Multiple Telegram Widgets
Auto Language Translation
Get Leads on Your Email
Frequently Asked Questions
What is an AI Telegram chatbot?
An AI Telegram chatbot is a virtual assistant that uses artificial intelligence to interact with users on the Telegram messaging platform, providing automated responses and performing various tasks.
How can I use OpenAI on Telegram?
You can use OpenAI on Telegram by integrating a chatbot platform like BotPenguin, which provides native integration with OpenAI models. Use the AI capabilities to create and deploy intelligent chatbots on the Telegram platform.
Is there a free Telegram chatbot available?
Yes, there are free Telegram chatbot options available, including BotPenguin's free forever plan. No credit card is required to get started. Plus, you get 2000 messages monthly.
Can I use free Telegram bots for groups?
Yes, you can use free Telegram bots for groups to automate tasks, provide information, and engage with group members. Platforms like BotPenguin offer features specifically designed for group interactions.
How can I add bots to a Telegram group?
To add bots to a Telegram group, you can search for the bot's username on Telegram, open its profile, and click on the Add to Group button. The bot will then be added to the group.
How do I create a free chatbot for Telegram?
You can create a free chatbot for Telegram using a platform like BotPenguin. Sign up for a free account, customize your chatbot's functionality and appearance, and deploy it on Telegram.
Can I create a chatbot specifically for a Telegram bot?
Yes, you can create a chatbot specifically for a Telegram bot using a platform like BotPenguin. This allows you to build, train, and deploy a chatbot tailored to the Telegram platform's features and capabilities.
How do I create Telegram chatbots integrated with ChatGPT?
You can use BotPenguin’s chatbot platform to create ChatGPT-powered Telegram chatbots without coding. Create your Telegram bot, go to the Integrations section, and select ChatGPT. Then enter your OpenAI’s API keys and you are done with your ChatGPT-integrated Telegram bot.
What our Customers say
Delivering value, earning trust. Hear good words about
BotPenguin on these platforms
G2
"Their ability to execute in a timely manner. If you want to start an AI Chatbot business then this is the place. - They have a great work environment, and know how important it is to be efficient."
-
Gustav Louv
5-Star Rating
View More
Capterra
"We are using BotPenguin for our Facebook bots, responding to Facebook messages automatically. Currently handling millions of messages on a monthly basis and really great product."
-
Twana D.
4.6-Star Rating
View More
Trustpilot
"Its Whatsapp Automation with API is really practical for sales & marketing objective. If it comes with analytics about campaign result it will be awesome."
-
BD Michae
5-Star Rating
View More
Good Firms
"Their timely communication is the reason for the great project management. Our descriptions are precisely translated into needs by BotPenguin, and they possess the necessary skill set to execute features in a timely manner."
-
Yashi Amola
5-Star Rating
View More
Crozdesk
"The team at BotPenguin contributed knowledge not just about using Generative AI but also about how these technologies may be customized to meet our needs in the asset and wealth management industry. It was amazing how well they could convert difficult technical ideas into workable, approachable solutions. Furthermore, the team at BotPenguin has shown a remarkable capacity for creative problem-solving, as demonstrated by their approach to challenging project specifications."
-
Phil Johnson
5-Star Rating
View More
Test-drive BotPenguin and build your own FREE chatbot today!
Book a demo
BotPenguin is the best AI Chatbot maker platform. Create a Chatbot for WhatsApp, Website, Facebook Messenger, Telegram, WordPress & Shopify with BotPenguin - 100% FREE! Our chatbot creator helps with lead generation, appointment booking, customer support, marketing automation, WhatsApp & Facebook Automation for businesses. AI-powered No-Code chatbot maker with live chat plugin & ChatGPT integration.
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Partners
Whitelabel Partner
Whatsapp Whitelabel Partner
Implementation Partner
Affiliate Partner
Get Started
Chatbot For Ecommerce
Chatbot For Real Estate
Chatbot For Education
Chatbot For Travel
All Templates
Free Tools
WhatsApp Link Generator
WhatsApp QR Code Generator
OpenAI API Pricing Calculator
Chatbot ROI Calculator
All Free Tools
Integrations
ChatGPT
GoHighLevel
Bitrix 24
Zoho CRM
Zapier
All Integrations
Resources
Blogs
Glossary
Help Center
Write for us
Contact Us
What’s New
Product Updates
Comparisons
BotPenguin vs Manychat
BotPenguin vs Tidio
BotPenguin vs Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs Wati
BotPenguin vs Landbot
All Comparisons
Alternatives
What you get
Lead Generation Bot
Support Bot
Assistant Bot
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Get Started
Integrations
Comparisons
Partners
Free Tools
Resources
What you get
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Copyright © 2018 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All RightsReserved.