URL: https://botpenguin.com/solutions/custom-chatbot-development
Custom Chatbot Development | Customize AI Chatbot
Why BotPenguin
Product
Solutions
Pricing
Partners
Resources
Contact Us
Integrations
Experience 80+ world-class integrations.
Key Features
Take your business to the next level with our awesome key features.
Live Chat
Stay in the loop with your clientele 24*7!
Unified Inbox
Serve your customers across all platforms.
Analytics
Speedtrack your growth with our top-of-the-line analytics tools!
Mobile App
Make, monitor, & manage your AI chatbots with our mobile app.
CHATBOT COMPARISONS
BotPenguin vs. Manychat
BotPenguin vs. Tidio
BotPenguin vs. Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs. Wati
BotPenguin vs. Interakt
BotPenguin vs. AiSensy
BotPenguin vs. Landbot
WHAT CAN IT DO?
Marketing Automation
Make marketing a boon from the automation gods!
FB Automation
Engage with your customers on a deeper level.
WhatsApp Automation
Get that nifty automation for WhatsApp too!
Appointment Bookings
No more delays, BotPenguin’s got you here!
Customer Support
Your customers are in for a treat with this automation.
Lead Generation
Gain more lead without any extra effort or expenses
WHO CAN USE IT?
Healthcare
Give your patients world-class healthcare service!
Education
Make admissions and automate processes in a jiffy!
E-commerce
Create the best E-commerce service with ease!
Real Estate
Make Real Estate great again with BotPenguin!
Consultants
Boost up with our one-stop marketing solution!
SaaS
Take your SAAS game to the next level with BotPenguin!
Tours & Travels
Provide extraordinary tour and travel services with BotPenguin!
Insurance
Launch AI-driven Insurance Bot to Promote, Sell, & Manage Policies.
WHERE CAN IT RUN?
Instagram Chatbot
Attract leads, boost sales, and chat 24/7 with Instagram Chatbots.
WhatsApp Chatbot
Start conversing like a real person with BotPenguin!
Telegram Chatbot
Cutting-edge features for you to grow your business on Telegram.
Facebook Chatbot
Do everything at once with BotPenguin on Facebook.
Websites Chatbot
BotPenguin grows your website and keeps your customers engaged.
Wordpress Chatbot
BotPenguin thrives on WordPress and makes it awesome.
Microsoft Teams Chatbot
Maximize your teams productivity with MS Teams Bot.
Shopify Chatbot
Boost your Shopify Business With BotPenguin’s AI-powered chatbot.
WooCommerce Chatbot
Sell effortlessly on your WooCommerce store with BotPenguin.
Squarespace Chatbot
Get the most out of Squarespace with BotPenguin
CUSTOM DEVELOPMENT
Whitelabel ChatGPT
Apply your branding on ChatGPT, Launch your own AI platform
ChatGPT Custom Plugins
Integrate your service straight into ChatGPT
Custom Chatbot Development
Build enterprise-grade chatbots with the best
ChatGPT Clone
Add functionality and branding on ChatGPT
HIRE DEVELOPERS
Chatbot Developers
Build Lighter, Faster, Smarter-Efficiently
ChatGPT Developers
Ride the GPT wave with trained surfers
ChatGPT Consultants
Advice that makes the difference in your AI journey
PARTNER PROGRAMS
Partners Home
Join hands with us, and welcome growth
WhatsApp Whitelabel Partners
Conquer the WhatsApp land with BotPenguin’s White Label Platform
Whitelabel Partners
Say hi to the best Whitelabel chatbot platform ever
Affiliate Partners
Earn more and keep your clients happier
Implementation Partners
As they say, a partner is worth trillions!
PARTNER PRICING
Whitelabel Chatbot Pricing
Our pricing for Whitelabel Chatbot
Implementation Partnership Pricing
Our pricing for Implementation Partnership
OUR RESOURCES
Blogs
Read the latest blogs on chatbots, AI, automations & more
Videos
Watch tutorials, webinars, and demos to master our chatbots.
Case Study
Read how BotPenguin transformed business communication
E-book
Explore e-books written by experts for all your business needs!
Help Docs
Find detailed guides and tips for all your chatbot needs.
Newsroom
Explore how BotPenguin is making headlines in the chatbot industry.
Community Support
Join our vibrant community to unlock exclusive content & expert guidance
LATEST BLOG
Why is BotPenguin the best platform to develop a chatbot?
Introducing ChatGPT 4o for BotPenguin
Create your first AI Chatbot
Get Started FREE
Get the perfect AI Virtual Assistant with
Custom Chatbot Development
Leverage custom chatbot development to launch your AI chatbot tailored to your business. We provide high-end
chatbot solutions that can be integrated with endless tools and be launched on any platform!
Contact Us
Guided Growth, Made to Order.
Trusted by
40,000+
Global Brands
Custom Chatbot Development for your
Unique Business Needs
Our expert developers provide remarkable chatbot development services to
ensure they align with your business goals.
GPT Powered Chatbot
Boost your chatbot’s conversational power with natural language processing models to provide exceptional customer service.
Concierge Chatbot
Personalize your customer service chatbot, which helps you with everything from appointment booking to solving customer queries.
Voice Based Chatbot
Stay ahead of your competition by developing chatbots equipped with speech recognition and integrated with voice assistants.
CRM/ERP Integrated Chatbot
Integrate with your database and CRM/ERP softwares to ensure all your critical data stays in one place.
Virtual Assistant Chatbot
Cater to all client requirements, from page navigation to query solving, with a chatbot that feels like a personal assistant.
Statistical Chatbot
Leverage the analytical abilities of highly intelligent chatbot solutions to analyze data and give custom reports.
Menu based Chatbot
Automate your business communications through custom chatbots designed to easily navigate conversations through option-based conversations.
Social Media Chatbot
Ensure maximum engagement with your customers across all social media platforms with automated responses, quick replies, etc, through robust social media chatbot.
Contact Us
Get every application of your choice integrated
with your Custom Chatbot
Our custom chatbot development team ensures that every application you want on your platform is available to you.
Be it appointment booking or CRM integration, we will get it all integrated into your custom chatbot.
Google Suite
Enrich your data collection and productivity with complete google suite integration.
Customer Relationship Management
Automate your sales process and client interactions by integrating your preferred CRM.
Enterprise Resource Planning
Integrate your chosen ERP system to achieve real-time data synchronization and data efficiency.
Accountancy System
Improve financial processes by integrating financial systems and providing accurate reports.
Payment Gateway
Enhance your user experience by integrating your preferred payment gateway with your chatbot.
Booking System
Easily manage appointments and bookings through the chatbot by integrating with popular booking systems.
Communication Channels
Enable integration with multiple communication channels for improved customer interaction.
Field Tracking System
Enhance operational efficiency and productivity by monitoring real-time field activities.
Bitrix24
Optimize project management and workflows swiftly integrated with your custom AI chatbot.
On-demand Custom Application
Personalize your custom AI chatbot with any application you desire from our wide network of integrations.
Contact Us
Get your Custom Chatbot running across
all popular platforms
Our chatbots are designed to be compatible with all popular platforms to ensure that
no matter where your audience is, your chatbot will reach them.
WhatsApp Custom Chatbots
2.7+ billion users
Website Custom Chatbots
Your Web Traffic
Facebook Custom Chatbots
2.9+ billion users
Instagram Custom Chatbots
2.4+ billion users
Telegram Custom Chatbots
900+ million users
Kik Custom Chatbots
300+ million users
Skype Custom Chatbots
300+ million users
Slack Custom Chatbots
35+ million users
Twilio Custom Chatbots
350,000 + users
WeChat Custom Chatbots
1.3+ billion users
Wordpress Custom Chatbots
472+ million users
MS Teams Custom Chatbots
320+ million users
All other platforms available on demand
Get started on your Custom Chatbot
Development today
Contact Us
Providing you with the best Chatbot Development Services
through powerful Generative AI Solutions
BotPenguin immerses into intensive research to understand the latest trends in the development of
Artificial Intelligence to ensure we utilize it efficiently in development of your custom AI chatbot
Conversational AI
Boost user engagement and improve client satisfaction with advanced AI conversational abilities.
Natural Language Processing
Integrate NLP model with your chatbot to allow seamless interaction with your customers.
Intent-Based Response
Resolve customer queries accurately by providing precise replies based on the customer intent.
Sentimental Analysis
Personalize your user experience with custom chatbots that understand customer emotions and interact accordingly.
Multilingual Ability
Bypass the language barrier and converse with every customer in their preferred language.
Logic-Based Chatbot
Automate tasks, deliver excellent support, and nurture potential customers with logically structured chat flows.
Image Analysis Chatbot
Increase engagement and qualify more leads by enriching user experience through images in the chat.
Contact Us
Fit your specific industrial use case with our
Custom Chatbot Development Services
As a custom chatbot development company, we have got you
covered for all your chatbot solution needs.
Logistics
Streamline operations with chatbot equipped with real-time tracking and inventory management.
E-Commerce
Increase customer engagement with personalized AI chatbot assistant.
Healthcare
Provide reliable customer support with HIPAA-compliant healthcare chatbot.
Real Estate
Improve lead generation and sales with smooth property inquiring and booking systems.
SAAS
Improve user onboarding and technical support with an advanced, intuitive chatbot.
Fintech
Facilitate enhanced user experience with financial reports and analytics through statistical chatbot.
HR
Automate human resources tasks like onboarding, recruitment, and employee support.
Retail
Offer personalized recommendations based on customer’s interests and improve overall sales.
Fitness
Provide personalized workout plans, fitness diets, and progress tracking with customer service chatbot.
Travel
Boost lead qualification with tailor made travel itineraries and plans for each client.
Entertainment
Enrich user experience and improve engagement with interactive content and latest updates.
Education
Empower users with courses and learning methods based on their personal learning graph and requirements.
Book a free demo for your Custom Chatbot
Development today
Contact Us
Utilizing the latest technological stack to meet
all your Custom Chatbot demands
BotPenguin is a custom chatbot development company that believes in staying ahead of the curve by
providing our clients top-notch services with their preferred open and licensed language model
Open AI
Empower your chatbot with powerful AI capabilities of OpenAi, ensuring smart and intelligent solutions.
Amazon Lex
Boost the conversation powers of your chatbot with Amazon Lex’s deep learning and NLP
Microsoft Bot Framework
Get robust and versatile chatbot using Microsoft Bot Framework.
IBM Watson
Make advanced decisions using predictive analytics and cognitive abilities of IBM Watson.
Dialog FLow
Enrich user experience by building engaging conversation flow with Google’s Dialog Flow.
Rasa NLU
Unlock contextual and customizable customer interactions with Rasa NLU’s smooth natural language understanding.
Fast Text
Ensure efficient language processing and classification with Facebook’s Fast Text.
Oracle Intelligent Bot
Create conversational experience for business applications through Oracle Bot.
Contact Us
Why choose Custom Chatbot
Development Services?
Custom Chatbot development ensures you only pay for what you want. Our team of expert developers ensure we design your custom
AI chatbot to meet the specific demands of your audience to ensure unparalleled business growth.
Increased Engagement
Connect with your audience on a deeper level with AI chatbot trained to converse in your brand voice.
Drive Conversions
Build trust and boost your conversion rate by providing precise and accurate answers 24/7 using NLP and machine learning.
Competitive Edge
Provide exceptional customer experience to your audience and differentiate from the growing list of competitors.
Cost and Time Efficient
Custom chatbots cut down personnel costs and let your employees work on high-output tasks, boosting efficiency across avenues.
Data Analytics
Use advanced built-in data analytics tools to create dashboards and reports that help you analyze customer behavior for more informed decisions.
Contact Us
With years of experience in software development,we
bring the best for your Custom Chatbot Development
Our team of expert technicians ensure that they understand your requirements and provide you with
results that go beyond your expectations.
1
2
3
4
5
6
Project Discovery & Planning
Project discovery aims to identify all the functional and non-functional requirements along with initial timelines, product roadmap and risk management planning.
Project Envisioning
Project envisioning aims to give visual understanding to the custom chatbot using user journey flows and design prototypes.
Development Planning
We work and start building on the complete blueprint of the custom chatbot with the aim of defining the architecture, UX design and other important elements.
Development
The custom chatbot development team specializing in AI and NLP development develops the product with all your required functionalities.
Testing
We run intensive testing to ensure that no bug or error can be found in the custom chatbot and it can run smoothly on our client’s platform.
Support and Maintenance
Our chatbot development company stays in close contact with the client constantly enhancing and providing thorough support.
Know more
Why choose BotPenguin as your Custom Chatbot
Development Service provider?
BotPenguin holds experience in handling global projects from mobile app development to chatbot
development in every industry, bringing you the most trusted and reliable service in the industry
Pricing
We believe in mutual growth with our clients. Our custom chatbot development services come at the most reasonable price in the market.
End-to-End Solution
We start from the idea of our client, create an actionable model for it, build custom chatbots from scratch and then provide constant support.
Customization
We find joy in our client’s complete satisfaction so with our custom chatbot development we aim to meet all our client needs from branding to integrations.
Global Expertise
We have served leading businesses across 10+ industries spread across the globe adding on to our knowledge base.
Thorough Support
We believe in a client-led approach with our support team being extremely active and technologically equipped to support the clients.
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
What is BotPenguin’s Custom Chatbot Development Services?
BotPenguin’s Custom Chatbot Development Services create a customized chatbot to meet a business's unique needs and goals. Our custom chatbots can be integrated with various systems and tools to automate processes and improve customer experiences.
What are the benefits of Custom Chatbot Development?
BotPenguin’s Custom Chatbot Development can help drive sales, enhance customer service, boost brand presence, streamline inventory management, track employee skills, generate deep data insights, and provide enterprise-grade scalability and security.
What types of chatbots can BotPenguin build through Custom Chatbot Development?
We can deliver various types of chatbots, including AI chatbots, logic-based chatbots, voice-enabled chatbots, IVR bots, image and document bots, and multilingual and accessibility options-enabled bots which can be integrated with multiple tools and launched across all platforms.
Does BotPenguin provide post-development support?
Yes, even after the project is delivered to the client and is made live on their choice of platform, we keep a tab on its performance. We ensure that the ai powered chatbot faces no bugs or errors in its performance and are available 24/7 in case our clients need any additional support from our team of expert developers.
How much does Custom Chatbot Development Service cost?
The exact cost of custom chatbot development depends on a number of factors which include - customizable features, API integrations, technology stack used, complexity, etc. To get an accurate estimate of your project’s cost, please feel free to contact us.
How long does it take to complete the custom chatbot development process?
BotPenguin’s chatbot development service offers swift AI chatbot development and deployment to ensure you gain an edge over your competitors. Our developers are quick to create a chatbot but the exact timeline of the development service would depend upon the scope of the project.
For more FAQs and Guides
What our Customers say
Delivering value, earning trust. Hear good words about
BotPenguin on these platforms
G2
"Their ability to execute in a timely manner. If you want to start an AI Chatbot business then this is the place. - They have a great work environment, and know how important it is to be efficient."
-
Gustav Louv
5-Star Rating
View More
Capterra
"We are using BotPenguin for our Facebook bots, responding to Facebook messages automatically. Currently handling millions of messages on a monthly basis and really great product."
-
Twana D.
4.6-Star Rating
View More
Trustpilot
"Its Whatsapp Automation with API is really practical for sales & marketing objective. If it comes with analytics about campaign result it will be awesome."
-
BD Michae
5-Star Rating
View More
Good Firms
"Their timely communication is the reason for the great project management. Our descriptions are precisely translated into needs by BotPenguin, and they possess the necessary skill set to execute features in a timely manner."
-
Yashi Amola
5-Star Rating
View More
Crozdesk
"The team at BotPenguin contributed knowledge not just about using Generative AI but also about how these technologies may be customized to meet our needs in the asset and wealth management industry. It was amazing how well they could convert difficult technical ideas into workable, approachable solutions. Furthermore, the team at BotPenguin has shown a remarkable capacity for creative problem-solving, as demonstrated by their approach to challenging project specifications."
-
Phil Johnson
5-Star Rating
View More
Launch your custom AI chatbot today,
book a free consultation call
Contact Us
BotPenguin is the best AI Chatbot maker platform. Create a Chatbot for WhatsApp, Website, Facebook Messenger, Telegram, WordPress & Shopify with BotPenguin - 100% FREE! Our chatbot creator helps with lead generation, appointment booking, customer support, marketing automation, WhatsApp & Facebook Automation for businesses. AI-powered No-Code chatbot maker with live chat plugin & ChatGPT integration.
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Partners
Whitelabel Partner
Whatsapp Whitelabel Partner
Implementation Partner
Affiliate Partner
Get Started
Chatbot For Ecommerce
Chatbot For Real Estate
Chatbot For Education
Chatbot For Travel
All Templates
Free Tools
WhatsApp Link Generator
WhatsApp QR Code Generator
OpenAI API Pricing Calculator
Chatbot ROI Calculator
All Free Tools
Integrations
ChatGPT
GoHighLevel
Bitrix 24
Zoho CRM
Zapier
All Integrations
Resources
Blogs
Glossary
Help Center
Write for us
Contact Us
What’s New
Product Updates
Comparisons
BotPenguin vs Manychat
BotPenguin vs Tidio
BotPenguin vs Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs Wati
BotPenguin vs Landbot
All Comparisons
Alternatives
What you get
Lead Generation Bot
Support Bot
Assistant Bot
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Get Started
Integrations
Comparisons
Partners
Free Tools
Resources
What you get
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Copyright © 2018 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All RightsReserved.