URL: https://botpenguin.com/blogs/7-facts-you-didnt-know-about-chatbot-platforms
7 Facts you didn't know about chatbot platforms
Why BotPenguin
Product
Solutions
Pricing
Partners
Resources
Login
Get Started FREE
Integrations
Experience 80+ world-class integrations.
Key Features
Take your business to the next level with our awesome key features.
Live Chat
Stay in the loop with your clientele 24*7!
Unified Inbox
Serve your customers across all platforms.
Analytics
Speedtrack your growth with our top-of-the-line analytics tools!
Mobile App
Make, monitor, & manage your AI chatbots with our mobile app.
CHATBOT COMPARISONS
BotPenguin vs. Manychat
BotPenguin vs. Tidio
BotPenguin vs. Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs. Wati
BotPenguin vs. Interakt
BotPenguin vs. AiSensy
BotPenguin vs. Landbot
WHAT CAN IT DO?
Marketing Automation
Make marketing a boon from the automation gods!
FB Automation
Engage with your customers on a deeper level.
WhatsApp Automation
Get that nifty automation for WhatsApp too!
Appointment Bookings
No more delays, BotPenguin’s got you here!
Customer Support
Your customers are in for a treat with this automation.
Lead Generation
Gain more lead without any extra effort or expenses
WHO CAN USE IT?
Healthcare
Give your patients world-class healthcare service!
Education
Make admissions and automate processes in a jiffy!
E-commerce
Create the best E-commerce service with ease!
Real Estate
Make Real Estate great again with BotPenguin!
Consultants
Boost up with our one-stop marketing solution!
SaaS
Take your SAAS game to the next level with BotPenguin!
Tours & Travels
Provide extraordinary tour and travel services with BotPenguin!
Insurance
Launch AI-driven Insurance Bot to Promote, Sell, & Manage Policies.
WHERE CAN IT RUN?
Instagram Chatbot
Attract leads, boost sales, and chat 24/7 with Instagram Chatbots.
WhatsApp Chatbot
Start conversing like a real person with BotPenguin!
Telegram Chatbot
Cutting-edge features for you to grow your business on Telegram.
Facebook Chatbot
Do everything at once with BotPenguin on Facebook.
Websites Chatbot
BotPenguin grows your website and keeps your customers engaged.
Wordpress Chatbot
BotPenguin thrives on WordPress and makes it awesome.
Microsoft Teams Chatbot
Maximize your teams productivity with MS Teams Bot.
Shopify Chatbot
Boost your Shopify Business With BotPenguin’s AI-powered chatbot.
WooCommerce Chatbot
Sell effortlessly on your WooCommerce store with BotPenguin.
Squarespace Chatbot
Get the most out of Squarespace with BotPenguin
CUSTOM DEVELOPMENT
Whitelabel ChatGPT
Apply your branding on ChatGPT, Launch your own AI platform
ChatGPT Custom Plugins
Integrate your service straight into ChatGPT
Custom Chatbot Development
Build enterprise-grade chatbots with the best
ChatGPT Clone
Add functionality and branding on ChatGPT
HIRE DEVELOPERS
Chatbot Developers
Build Lighter, Faster, Smarter-Efficiently
ChatGPT Developers
Ride the GPT wave with trained surfers
ChatGPT Consultants
Advice that makes the difference in your AI journey
PARTNER PROGRAMS
Partners Home
Join hands with us, and welcome growth
WhatsApp Whitelabel Partners
Conquer the WhatsApp land with BotPenguin’s White Label Platform
Whitelabel Partners
Say hi to the best Whitelabel chatbot platform ever
Affiliate Partners
Earn more and keep your clients happier
Implementation Partners
As they say, a partner is worth trillions!
PARTNER PRICING
Whitelabel Chatbot Pricing
Our pricing for Whitelabel Chatbot
Implementation Partnership Pricing
Our pricing for Implementation Partnership
OUR RESOURCES
Blogs
Read the latest blogs on chatbots, AI, automations & more
Videos
Watch tutorials, webinars, and demos to master our chatbots.
Case Study
Read how BotPenguin transformed business communication
E-book
Explore e-books written by experts for all your business needs!
Help Docs
Find detailed guides and tips for all your chatbot needs.
Newsroom
Explore how BotPenguin is making headlines in the chatbot industry.
Community Support
Join our vibrant community to unlock exclusive content & expert guidance
LATEST BLOG
Why is BotPenguin the best platform to develop a chatbot?
Introducing ChatGPT 4o for BotPenguin
Create your first AI Chatbot
Get Started FREE
All blogs
7 Facts you didn't know about chatbot platforms
Chatbot
Updated at Sep 2, 2024
10 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Try BotPenguin
Table of Contents
Types of Chatbots
7 Facts you didn't know about chatbot platforms
Take Chatbots to the Top
Bonus Facts
Conclusion
Share
Link copied
A chatbot is a conversational agent that uses artificial intelligence. It can handle quick queries for your business, including orders, marketing, and customer service. However, this is just the tip of the iceberg. They can do so much more. Chatbots with automation help your brand's CX strategy for creating dynamic customer experiences. It helps transform messaging channels into conversational marketing.    By mid-2016, many companies had launched over 11,000 Facebook Messenger bots. Yes, there was a time when chatbots had poor CX, unable to follow simple commands, or didn't live up to the mark of customer requests and human agents. But with advanced artificial intelligence, chatbots are booming in the market. The latest chatbots are easy to use and easily interface with robust integrations and valuable features.    You may be wondering, why are we saying all these about chatbots? Well, many chatbot facts are unknown. So, in this post, we will go through the things you probably didn't know about chatbots.
Types of Chatbots
Virtual assistants:
They aid you in finding information, remembering things, and making purchases. Consider Siri from Apple, Alexa from Amazon, Cortana from Microsoft, and Assistant from Google. Machine learning uses artificial intelligence to power them to learn and figure out what they want.
Messaging applications:
It effectively allows companies and brands to remain online and provide customer service 24 hours a day, seven days a week (e.g., instant responses, quick answers, complaint resolution). Consider the messaging apps Facebook Messenger, Kik, WeChat, and Slack. Chatbots of this sort can only engage with people by following pre-programmed rules.   What you've seen and experienced thus far is only the beginning of a billion-dollar industry that will be worth billions in less than ten years. Several well-known companies have already employed Chatbots, including Uber, Sephora, and CNN.
7 Facts you didn't know about chatbot platforms
The first coined term for chatbot was "chatterbot" in 1994
In 1994, computer scientist Michael Mauldin coined the term "chatterbot," which later developed into the chatbot. Even though chatbots have existed for about 30 years, Michael Mauldin's invention of Verbot in the mid-90s gave them a proper name. Verbot is a combination of the words "verbal" and "robot," It arose from Mauldin's first chatbot prototype, Julia. Since retiring from professional wrestling, Mauldin currently competes in the Robot Fighting League.
You can create a chatbot without coding.
The good news is that you don't have to be professional to use a chatbot. There are several low-code and no-code chatbot options available these days. By employing chatbot platforms, you can drastically enhance your company's agility and reduce time to market and software development expenses. You don't need to recruit expensive full-time engineers.
First chatbot – ALICE
In 1995, ALICE was one of the first chatbots invented. After more than two decades, you'll see that ALICE isn't that different from our chatbots. ALICE's replies are based on natural language processing models. She and her designer, Richard Wallace, have received several accolades for their inventiveness. If you ask ALICE a broad, open-ended question, she will dodge like a pro. To put it another way, she'll respond to the question with a question.
Chatbots aren't only for customers.
You can employ chatbots for various purposes, not all customer-facing. Sales and marketing departments, for example, can use chatbots to help with lead creation. You may discuss with a chatbot to input the information when sales professionals discover a new prospect or have a recent conversation with a client. You can transfer this data to your CRM (customer relationship management) program. Human resources, operations, management, and finance are some of the other internal chatbot use cases.
Take Chatbots to the Top
Read More
Consumers buy things via Chatbots
.
37% of Americans believe they are willing to make a transaction using a chatbot. Consumers would spend more than $55 on average for each item. According to Myclever Agency, 33% of UK citizens would buy essential products like clothes and food if a chatbot was accessible.
Customers increasingly prefer chatbots
.
Chatbots can tackle common customer care concerns 24 hours, seven days a week, unlike human support employees. Instead of letting clients wait in long lines to interact with a human agent, chatbots are accessible to serve them right away. Human agents can spend more time with and give better service to clients who have more complex problems by putting chatbots to focus on readily solved issues.
Consumers Want Recommendations From Chatbots
According to DigitasLBi, 37 percent of all customers — and 48 percent of millennials — are receptive to receiving recommendations or guidance from chatbots. Consumers are most interested in product recommendations from retail shops (22 percent), hotels/accommodations (20 percent), travel (18 percent), pharmaceutical items (12 percent), and fashion/style (9 percent).
Bonus Facts
Chatbots would be very advanced than human intelligence by 2029
By 2029, Ray Kurzweil, a Google inventor, futurist, and engineer (who tends to make correct predictions), expects that chatbots will acquire human-level linguistic abilities. "You'll be able to have a meaningful discussion with an AI in 2029 if you think you can have a meaningful conversation with a human."
The first chatbot came alive in 1966.
In 1966, Joseph Weizenbaum developed ELIZA, a computer program that mimicked the actions of a human therapist. Weizenbaum, an MIT professor, alongside Alan Turing and John McCarthy, pioneered AI research. They aimed to construct a software that "tricked" people into thinking they were chatting with a person.   ELIZA worked similarly to a current chatbot, responding to keywords with a pre-programmed answer. People believed they were speaking with a human because of "her" capacity to ask open-ended inquiries using "DOCTOR" scripts.
You can purchase things via a chatbot
.
According to a poll conducted in 2017, more than 20% of customers in the United Kingdom would consider making a purchase using a chatbot. Furthermore, this group is willing to spend an average of £315 on a chatbot-assisted transaction. These numbers are likely to have arisen in the years afterward, as customers have become more comfortable with chatbots in their daily lives.
In contrast, animals are considered brighter than chatbots.
According to Colin Allen, a specialist in artificial intelligence ethics at the University of Indiana, Chatbots still have much to learn. Animal behavior can also assist chatbots is becoming more competent.   Siri and other digital personal assistants require context to comprehend an inquiry and provide an appropriate response ultimately. According to Allen, humans adjust their queries when chatbots don't understand something. If chatbots become the highly trained assistants we want them to be, something must alter.   Animals are better at inferring context and making judgments in the face of ambiguity, relying on their senses such as sight and hearing. Computer scientists can learn more about this phenomenon by studying it.
People Want to Contact Retailers via Chat
According to 24/7, 29 percent of customers prefer to contact shops using online chat and messaging applications while making a purchasing choice. That implies individuals are equally likely to reach a shop via phone or through a chatbot, with the latter being more probable than the former (27 percent).
It's possible to "break" a chatbot.
When you "break" a chatbot, it doesn't mean it'll stop working. It merely identifies it as a machine with artificial intelligence. If you're unsure if you're speaking with a human or a bot, ask a series of open-ended inquiries, such as "How are you feeling?"   You'll almost always get a canned response indicating chatting with a machine. Some bots are more challenging to break than others, and ALICE turns out to be one of them, despite her age.
A new gender-neutral automated assistant is Q
If you've ever used one, you can set up an automated personal assistant to utilize conventionally masculine or female voices. The world now has its first gender-neutral personal assistant.   Audio researchers gathered speech data from non-binary persons to create Q, the genderless voice. It is especially significant because of the United Nations' conclusions that the voices of Siri and Alexa perpetuate gender stereotypes and prejudices.
Conclusion
Chatbots assist people with the help of Artificial Intelligence. People love to chat with chatbots as they are available 24*7 with excellent customer satisfaction. Many Chatbot Platforms provide no-code chatbots to users. These days chatbots are very flexible and highly customizable to the customers' needs.    Facebook has evolved from a photo-sharing and people communicating app to an online store with a huge marketing platform for different items. Buying items from online stores has many benefits for customers and sellers.   If you want to provide these benefits to your consumers, meet BotPenguin. Try it today. It's Free!
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Get the latest business insights straight into your inbox.
Email
Enter your email address
*
Subscribe Now
Keep Reading, Keep Growing
Checkout our related blogs you will love.
A Comprehensive Guide to AI Agentic Workflow for Businesses
Updated at Oct 31, 2024
12 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Exploring the Best Drift Alternatives for 2024: A Comprehensive Guide
Updated at Oct 29, 2024
8 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Best Intercom Alternatives for 2024: A Comprehensive Guide
Updated at Oct 28, 2024
5 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Table of Contents
Types of Chatbots
7 Facts you didn't know about chatbot platforms
Take Chatbots to the Top
Bonus Facts
Conclusion
BotPenguin is the best AI Chatbot maker platform. Create a Chatbot for WhatsApp, Website, Facebook Messenger, Telegram, WordPress & Shopify with BotPenguin - 100% FREE! Our chatbot creator helps with lead generation, appointment booking, customer support, marketing automation, WhatsApp & Facebook Automation for businesses. AI-powered No-Code chatbot maker with live chat plugin & ChatGPT integration.
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Partners
Whitelabel Partner
Whatsapp Whitelabel Partner
Implementation Partner
Affiliate Partner
Get Started
Chatbot For Ecommerce
Chatbot For Real Estate
Chatbot For Education
Chatbot For Travel
All Templates
Free Tools
WhatsApp Link Generator
WhatsApp QR Code Generator
OpenAI API Pricing Calculator
Chatbot ROI Calculator
All Free Tools
Integrations
ChatGPT
GoHighLevel
Bitrix 24
Zoho CRM
Zapier
All Integrations
Resources
Blogs
Glossary
Help Center
Write for us
Contact Us
What’s New
Product Updates
Comparisons
BotPenguin vs Manychat
BotPenguin vs Tidio
BotPenguin vs Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs Wati
BotPenguin vs Landbot
All Comparisons
Alternatives
What you get
Lead Generation Bot
Support Bot
Assistant Bot
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Get Started
Integrations
Comparisons
Partners
Free Tools
Resources
What you get
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Copyright © 2018 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All RightsReserved.