URL: https://botpenguin.com/chatbot-templates
FREE Ready to Use Chatbot Templates | BotPenguin's Chatbot Creator
Why BotPenguin
Product
Solutions
Pricing
Partners
Resources
Login
Get Started FREE
Integrations
Experience 80+ world-class integrations.
Key Features
Take your business to the next level with our awesome key features.
Live Chat
Stay in the loop with your clientele 24*7!
Unified Inbox
Serve your customers across all platforms.
Analytics
Speedtrack your growth with our top-of-the-line analytics tools!
Mobile App
Make, monitor, & manage your AI chatbots with our mobile app.
CHATBOT COMPARISONS
BotPenguin vs. Manychat
BotPenguin vs. Tidio
BotPenguin vs. Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs. Wati
BotPenguin vs. Interakt
BotPenguin vs. AiSensy
BotPenguin vs. Landbot
WHAT CAN IT DO?
Marketing Automation
Make marketing a boon from the automation gods!
FB Automation
Engage with your customers on a deeper level.
WhatsApp Automation
Get that nifty automation for WhatsApp too!
Appointment Bookings
No more delays, BotPenguin’s got you here!
Customer Support
Your customers are in for a treat with this automation.
Lead Generation
Gain more lead without any extra effort or expenses
WHO CAN USE IT?
Healthcare
Give your patients world-class healthcare service!
Education
Make admissions and automate processes in a jiffy!
E-commerce
Create the best E-commerce service with ease!
Real Estate
Make Real Estate great again with BotPenguin!
Consultants
Boost up with our one-stop marketing solution!
SaaS
Take your SAAS game to the next level with BotPenguin!
Tours & Travels
Provide extraordinary tour and travel services with BotPenguin!
Insurance
Launch AI-driven Insurance Bot to Promote, Sell, & Manage Policies.
WHERE CAN IT RUN?
Instagram Chatbot
Attract leads, boost sales, and chat 24/7 with Instagram Chatbots.
WhatsApp Chatbot
Start conversing like a real person with BotPenguin!
Telegram Chatbot
Cutting-edge features for you to grow your business on Telegram.
Facebook Chatbot
Do everything at once with BotPenguin on Facebook.
Websites Chatbot
BotPenguin grows your website and keeps your customers engaged.
Wordpress Chatbot
BotPenguin thrives on WordPress and makes it awesome.
Microsoft Teams Chatbot
Maximize your teams productivity with MS Teams Bot.
Shopify Chatbot
Boost your Shopify Business With BotPenguin’s AI-powered chatbot.
WooCommerce Chatbot
Sell effortlessly on your WooCommerce store with BotPenguin.
Squarespace Chatbot
Get the most out of Squarespace with BotPenguin
CUSTOM DEVELOPMENT
Whitelabel ChatGPT
Apply your branding on ChatGPT, Launch your own AI platform
ChatGPT Custom Plugins
Integrate your service straight into ChatGPT
Custom Chatbot Development
Build enterprise-grade chatbots with the best
ChatGPT Clone
Add functionality and branding on ChatGPT
HIRE DEVELOPERS
Chatbot Developers
Build Lighter, Faster, Smarter-Efficiently
ChatGPT Developers
Ride the GPT wave with trained surfers
ChatGPT Consultants
Advice that makes the difference in your AI journey
PARTNER PROGRAMS
Partners Home
Join hands with us, and welcome growth
WhatsApp Whitelabel Partners
Conquer the WhatsApp land with BotPenguin’s White Label Platform
Whitelabel Partners
Say hi to the best Whitelabel chatbot platform ever
Affiliate Partners
Earn more and keep your clients happier
Implementation Partners
As they say, a partner is worth trillions!
PARTNER PRICING
Whitelabel Chatbot Pricing
Our pricing for Whitelabel Chatbot
Implementation Partnership Pricing
Our pricing for Implementation Partnership
OUR RESOURCES
Blogs
Read the latest blogs on chatbots, AI, automations & more
Videos
Watch tutorials, webinars, and demos to master our chatbots.
Case Study
Read how BotPenguin transformed business communication
E-book
Explore e-books written by experts for all your business needs!
Help Docs
Find detailed guides and tips for all your chatbot needs.
Newsroom
Explore how BotPenguin is making headlines in the chatbot industry.
Community Support
Join our vibrant community to unlock exclusive content & expert guidance
LATEST BLOG
Why is BotPenguin the best platform to develop a chatbot?
Introducing ChatGPT 4o for BotPenguin
Create your first AI Chatbot
Get Started FREE
Engaging Chatbot Templates designed to enhance
every Customer Conversation
Say goodbye to monotonous chats. Use these ready-to-deploy chatbot templates to deliver lively,
personalized, human-like conversations that your clients desire.
Get Started FREE
FREE Forever plan. No Credit Card Required.
Trusted by
40,000+
Global Brands
What are Chatbot Templates?
A chatbot template is a pre-designed conversation flow based on research and customer analysis for specific use cases and businesses. Simply modify it according to your brand guidelines and deploy it easily for conversations that result in conversions!
Find the best Chatbot Templates for all Industries and Use Cases
Enjoy free chatbot templates for engaging conversations with your customers that lead to maximum conversions!
All
Ecommerce
Food Services
Rentals
Hotels
Travel
Education
Gym and Fitness
Health and Wellness
E-commerce template
The e-commerce chatbot template helps you showcase products, manage sales, and provide efficient customer support.
More details
Flower shop chatbot
Customers can browse flowers and place orders easily using a flower shop chatbot template designed for delightful shopping experiences.
More details
Solar Panels Chatbot
This Solar Panels chatbot assists customers in renting or purchasing panels, using an interactive chatbot template for smooth transactions.
More details
Overseas Education Consultancy
With this chatbot template, overseas education consultants can manage queries, provide admission details, and book appointments efficiently.
More details
Children School Chatbot
Manage admissions smoothly by using a chatbot template for children’s schools, enabling inquiries and facility visit bookings.
More details
E learning bot
This e-learning chatbot template displays courses, resolves queries, and offers personalized assistance to learners.
More details
Real Estate Chatbote
Real estate agents benefit from a chatbot template that allows quick responses to buyer and seller inquiries, improving lead management.
More details
Coworking space bot
Use this coworking space bot to leverage a chatbot template that assists customers in booking their ideal workspace with ease.
More details
Legal Services Chatbot
Customers can book consultations and get legal help quickly with a legal services chatbot template tailored for fast interactions.
More details
Event Planners Chatbot
The Event Planners chatbot template makes it easy for customers to book appointments and get relevant information quickly.
More details
University/college Chatbot
With this university chatbot template, schools can manage enrollments, course inquiries, and deadlines smoothly.
More details
Digital Marketing Agency
Provide digital solutions efficiently with a chatbot template designed for digital marketing agencies.
More details
Restaurant Table booking
The chatbot template for restaurant table booking helps you collect leads and simplifies reservations for customers.
More details
Hotel booking Chatbot
This Hotel Booking chatbot assists agents by instantly responding to inquiries, using a chatbot template designed to streamline reservations.
More details
Travel agency Bot
The Travel Agency chatbot template simplifies planning by helping customers arrange trips and book travel packages smoothly.
More details
Dental Clinic bot
The Dental Clinic chatbot template helps customers inquire about services and book dentist appointments without hassle.
More details
Car Rental Chatbot
The Car Rental chatbot template offers customers a seamless way to explore options and book cars with minimal effort.
More details
HR Consultancy Chatbot
The HR Consultancy chatbot template makes it easier to manage candidates, post jobs, and handle recruitment activities with speed.
More details
Eatery order bot
The Eatery Order chatbot template helps showcase menus and improves order management for restaurants and cafes.
More details
Personal Trainer Chatbot
Customers can book sessions easily with a personal trainer chatbot template that handles inquiries and reservations effectively.
More details
Dietician Chatbot
Use this chatbot template to streamline dietician bookings and inquiries, improving customer experience.
More details
SAAS Enquiry Chatbot
The SaaS Enquiry chatbot template helps businesses schedule demos, answer questions, and provide detailed service information.
More details
Webinar Registration Chatbot
The chatbot template for webinar registration makes it simple to book spots, resolve questions, and offer assistance.
More details
Coaching institute bot
The Coaching Institute chatbot template provides an easy way to enroll students, showcase classes, and answer queries efficiently.
More details
Hospital Booking Chatbot
With a chatbot template for hospitals, patients can book appointments and receive reports quickly.
More details
Doctor appointment Chatbot
The Doctor Appointment chatbot template helps customers book, reschedule, or cancel appointments conveniently.
More details
How to use a Chatbot Template?
BotPenguin has designed the best chatbot templates, which are quick
and simple to be used instantly for your business.
Choose
Select from a wide range of chatbot templates designed for tasks like customer support, marketing, or lead generation.
Personalize
Tailor the chatbot and conversational flow according to your brand voice and tone.
Deploy
Launch the chatbot on your desired platform and watch your customer engagement grow higher with every message.
Get Started FREE
How BotPenguin’s Chatbot Features can Increase your overall ROI
BotPenguin’s AI chatbot platform is designed to ensure all your teams exceed their business targets using the endless
functionalities offered by the chatbot platform.
Omnichannel Presence
Deploy AI chatbots across all popular platforms, including websites, WhatsApp, Instagram, Facebook, Telegram, and more.
Increased Lead Capturing
Use the AI chatbot to gather all relevant details of the user and transfer them easily to the integrated CRM.
Seamless Appointment Booking
Provide your customers the option to book appointments directly through the chatbot.
Automated Ticketing System
Let customers generate support tickets easily from the chatbot which can be assigned to any available agent.
Advanced Marketing Automation
Run drip campaigns, broadcast offers, and personalized product showcase using smart and targeted customer segmentation.
Analytical Dashboard
Keep track of customer interactions and gain actionable insights from advanced analytical dashboards.
Get Started FREE
Boost daily sales with personalized Chatbot
Templates for E-commerce
Get the best of Ecommerce marketing with free chatbot maker. Generate leads,
engage efficiently, and sell better.
Ecommerce template
This e-commerce chatbot template helps you showcase your products, sell products, and provide customer support.
Flower Shop Chatbot
Using this chatbot help customers pick flowers of their own choice and place orders easily.
Solar Panels
This chatbot helps your customers rent/buy solar panels according to their needs while effectively marketing your business.
Get Started FREE
A chatbot template for every Educational Institute
Provide seamless assistance to students looking to join your institute by being
available 24/7 using educational chatbot template.
Overseas Education Consultancy
This chatbot helps customers make queries, book appointments and get university admission details.
Children School
This chatbot helps customers make inquiries, connect with admission consultants, and book facility visits.
E-Learning
This chatbot lets you showcase your courses, resolve queries and provide assistance.
Get Started FREE
Close all property deals with the smart Real
Estate Chatbot Template
Engage with property seekers 24/7 by generating more leads, automating bookings and
personalizing conversations at every step of customer journey.
Real Estate
This chatbot template assists agents in instantly responding to buyer and seller leads.
Coworking
This chatbot template helps your customers rent the perfect space for their working needs.
Event Planner
This chatbot template lets your customers make appointments with you and get information.s
Get Started FREE
Be the best in business with Chatbot Template for Agencies
Provide excellent consultation and expert advice using chatbot template for business professionals
HR Consultancy
Unburden your HR and keep it simple with this chatbot template to manage candidates, hire prospects and post jobs.
SAAS
This chatbot template for SAAS businesses lets your customer make bookings for demos, raise queries, and find more information.
Digital Marketing
A chatbot template to help you provide early consultation to clients and improve conversion rates.
Get Started FREE
Transform Patient Care with Chatbot Templates for Healthcare
Deliver instant medical support and streamline patient interactions with intelligent healthcare chatbot templates.
Doctor Booking
Your customers can easily book, reschedule, or cancel appointments with the doctors using this chatbot template.
Hospital
Give your client the choice of choosing their own favorable slot and send reports swiftly by deploying this hospital chatbot template.
Dentist
This chatbot template for dentists helps your customers ask questions and book an appointment with a dentist.
Get Started FREE
Elevate Guest Experiences with Hospitality Chatbot Templates
Deliver seamless bookings and 24/7 assistance to guests using intuitive hospitality chatbot templates for every use-case.
Restaurant
This chatbot template for restaurants aids you in collecting leads and helps your customers book tables.
Hotel Booking
This hotel booking chatbot template assists agents in instantly responding to customer’s queries. Booking a hotel room hasn’t been this easy.
Eatery
This chatbot template for eatery lets you showcase the food menu, improve sales, and offer support to your customers.
Get Started FREE
Power up your sales team with Lead Generation Chatbot Template
Capture leads effortlessly around the clock with tailored chatbot templates built for conversions.
Personal Trainer
This chatbot template lets your customer make bookings for personal training and inquire about services.
Dietician
This chatbot template for dieticians lets your customers make bookings for Dieticians and inquire about services.
Webinar Registration
This website registration chatbot template lets you show the available webinars, and book spots, resolve queries, and provide assistance.
Get Started FREE
Revolutionize your Business Communication with Chatbot
Template for Customer Support
Boost customer satisfaction instantly with smart chatbot templates designed for superior support.
Car Rental
With this chatbot template, your customers can decide all their car rental needs and make smooth bookings.
Travel Agency
This travel agency chatbot template simplifies the difficult and drawn-out process of planning a trip for your customers.
Coaching Institute
This chatbot template for coaching institutes lets you show the available classes and courses, enroll students, resolve queries, and provide assistance.
Get Started FREE
Frequently Asked Questions
How to use Chatbot Templates?
Chatbot templates are pre-designed conversation flows for specific use cases like customer support, lead generation, and booking. They save time and improve engagement.
Can I customize chatbot templates?
Yes! You can easily modify chatbot templates to match your brand's voice, style, and specific requirements.
Are BotPenguin's chatbot templates free to use?
Yes, all BotPenguin’s chatbot templates are free to use. You can sign up and start customizing them right away without any charges.
Can I use the chatbot templates for social media?
Yes, you can deploy BotPenguin’s chatbot templates on various platforms, such as WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, Instagram, and more.
Which industries can use chatbot templates?
These chatbot templates can be used by various industries like E-commerce, education, real estate, healthcare, hospitality, and consulting for free.
What our Customers say
Delivering value, earning trust. Hear good words about
BotPenguin on these platforms
G2
"Their ability to execute in a timely manner. If you want to start an AI Chatbot business then this is the place. - They have a great work environment, and know how important it is to be efficient."
-
Gustav Louv
5-Star Rating
View More
Capterra
"We are using BotPenguin for our Facebook bots, responding to Facebook messages automatically. Currently handling millions of messages on a monthly basis and really great product."
-
Twana D.
4.6-Star Rating
View More
Trustpilot
"Its Whatsapp Automation with API is really practical for sales & marketing objective. If it comes with analytics about campaign result it will be awesome."
-
BD Michae
5-Star Rating
View More
Good Firms
"Their timely communication is the reason for the great project management. Our descriptions are precisely translated into needs by BotPenguin, and they possess the necessary skill set to execute features in a timely manner."
-
Yashi Amola
5-Star Rating
View More
Crozdesk
"The team at BotPenguin contributed knowledge not just about using Generative AI but also about how these technologies may be customized to meet our needs in the asset and wealth management industry. It was amazing how well they could convert difficult technical ideas into workable, approachable solutions. Furthermore, the team at BotPenguin has shown a remarkable capacity for creative problem-solving, as demonstrated by their approach to challenging project specifications."
-
Phil Johnson
5-Star Rating
View More
Automate Business Communication with Free AI Chatbot Today!
Get Started
BotPenguin is the best AI Chatbot maker platform. Create a Chatbot for WhatsApp, Website, Facebook Messenger, Telegram, WordPress & Shopify with BotPenguin - 100% FREE! Our chatbot creator helps with lead generation, appointment booking, customer support, marketing automation, WhatsApp & Facebook Automation for businesses. AI-powered No-Code chatbot maker with live chat plugin & ChatGPT integration.
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Partners
Whitelabel Partner
Whatsapp Whitelabel Partner
Implementation Partner
Affiliate Partner
Get Started
Chatbot For Ecommerce
Chatbot For Real Estate
Chatbot For Education
Chatbot For Travel
All Templates
Free Tools
WhatsApp Link Generator
WhatsApp QR Code Generator
OpenAI API Pricing Calculator
Chatbot ROI Calculator
All Free Tools
Integrations
ChatGPT
GoHighLevel
Bitrix 24
Zoho CRM
Zapier
All Integrations
Resources
Blogs
Glossary
Help Center
Write for us
Contact Us
What’s New
Product Updates
Comparisons
BotPenguin vs Manychat
BotPenguin vs Tidio
BotPenguin vs Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs Wati
BotPenguin vs Landbot
All Comparisons
Alternatives
What you get
Lead Generation Bot
Support Bot
Assistant Bot
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Get Started
Integrations
Comparisons
Partners
Free Tools
Resources
What you get
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Copyright © 2018 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All RightsReserved.