URL: https://botpenguin.com/blogs/intercom-an-in-depth-review
Intercom- An in depth review(2022)
Why BotPenguin
Product
Solutions
Pricing
Partners
Resources
Login
Get Started FREE
Integrations
Experience 80+ world-class integrations.
Key Features
Take your business to the next level with our awesome key features.
Live Chat
Stay in the loop with your clientele 24*7!
Unified Inbox
Serve your customers across all platforms.
Analytics
Speedtrack your growth with our top-of-the-line analytics tools!
Mobile App
Make, monitor, & manage your AI chatbots with our mobile app.
CHATBOT COMPARISONS
BotPenguin vs. Manychat
BotPenguin vs. Tidio
BotPenguin vs. Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs. Wati
BotPenguin vs. Interakt
BotPenguin vs. AiSensy
BotPenguin vs. Landbot
WHAT CAN IT DO?
Marketing Automation
Make marketing a boon from the automation gods!
FB Automation
Engage with your customers on a deeper level.
WhatsApp Automation
Get that nifty automation for WhatsApp too!
Appointment Bookings
No more delays, BotPenguin’s got you here!
Customer Support
Your customers are in for a treat with this automation.
Lead Generation
Gain more lead without any extra effort or expenses
WHO CAN USE IT?
Healthcare
Give your patients world-class healthcare service!
Education
Make admissions and automate processes in a jiffy!
E-commerce
Create the best E-commerce service with ease!
Real Estate
Make Real Estate great again with BotPenguin!
Consultants
Boost up with our one-stop marketing solution!
SaaS
Take your SAAS game to the next level with BotPenguin!
Tours & Travels
Provide extraordinary tour and travel services with BotPenguin!
Insurance
Launch AI-driven Insurance Bot to Promote, Sell, & Manage Policies.
WHERE CAN IT RUN?
Instagram Chatbot
Attract leads, boost sales, and chat 24/7 with Instagram Chatbots.
WhatsApp Chatbot
Start conversing like a real person with BotPenguin!
Telegram Chatbot
Cutting-edge features for you to grow your business on Telegram.
Facebook Chatbot
Do everything at once with BotPenguin on Facebook.
Websites Chatbot
BotPenguin grows your website and keeps your customers engaged.
Wordpress Chatbot
BotPenguin thrives on WordPress and makes it awesome.
Microsoft Teams Chatbot
Maximize your teams productivity with MS Teams Bot.
Shopify Chatbot
Boost your Shopify Business With BotPenguin’s AI-powered chatbot.
WooCommerce Chatbot
Sell effortlessly on your WooCommerce store with BotPenguin.
Squarespace Chatbot
Get the most out of Squarespace with BotPenguin
CUSTOM DEVELOPMENT
Whitelabel ChatGPT
Apply your branding on ChatGPT, Launch your own AI platform
ChatGPT Custom Plugins
Integrate your service straight into ChatGPT
Custom Chatbot Development
Build enterprise-grade chatbots with the best
ChatGPT Clone
Add functionality and branding on ChatGPT
HIRE DEVELOPERS
Chatbot Developers
Build Lighter, Faster, Smarter-Efficiently
ChatGPT Developers
Ride the GPT wave with trained surfers
ChatGPT Consultants
Advice that makes the difference in your AI journey
PARTNER PROGRAMS
Partners Home
Join hands with us, and welcome growth
WhatsApp Whitelabel Partners
Conquer the WhatsApp land with BotPenguin’s White Label Platform
Whitelabel Partners
Say hi to the best Whitelabel chatbot platform ever
Affiliate Partners
Earn more and keep your clients happier
Implementation Partners
As they say, a partner is worth trillions!
PARTNER PRICING
Whitelabel Chatbot Pricing
Our pricing for Whitelabel Chatbot
Implementation Partnership Pricing
Our pricing for Implementation Partnership
OUR RESOURCES
Blogs
Read the latest blogs on chatbots, AI, automations & more
Videos
Watch tutorials, webinars, and demos to master our chatbots.
Case Study
Read how BotPenguin transformed business communication
E-book
Explore e-books written by experts for all your business needs!
Help Docs
Find detailed guides and tips for all your chatbot needs.
Newsroom
Explore how BotPenguin is making headlines in the chatbot industry.
Community Support
Join our vibrant community to unlock exclusive content & expert guidance
LATEST BLOG
Why is BotPenguin the best platform to develop a chatbot?
Introducing ChatGPT 4o for BotPenguin
Create your first AI Chatbot
Get Started FREE
All blogs
Intercom- An in depth review 2023
Comparison
Updated at Sep 27, 2024
18 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Try BotPenguin
Table of Contents
I know your first question- what is "Intercom"?
The next question might arise: how does this platform work?
Benefits and Pros of using Intercom
Drawbacks of Intercom
Intercom Pricing Models
Features
Conclusion
Share
Link copied
When you are on board your business growth journey, initially, it is trouble-free to manage all the leads personally, respond to all their queries and requests, assemble and conduct meetings, take feedback and turn them into potential customers. But at some point in this journey, the 'trouble-free' tasks become 'worrisome' tasks. It becomes challenging to follow up with a substantial targeted audience, work on sales, and resolve everyone's issues simultaneously. You tend to lose communication touch with your customers and eventually lose them! Statistics reveal that most customers are lost due to a lack of instant and effective replies. Things get worse when you have to handle not just a single platform or channels but multiple.
To rescue you from falling into this dig of problems, we have a savior platform for you- "Intercom."
I know your first question- what is "Intercom"?
Intercom is 'the #1-rated Business Messenger for customer relationships. This title is self-explanatory. However, to make it more vivid, let me tell you that Intercom is a platform that collectively acquires, targets, filters out, engages, does follow-up, supports customer automation, and resolves their issues via its AI and bot-based algorithm. It carries out the required communication with the leads and modifies them into customers. There are almost 140,107 live websites that are daily Intercom users.
The next question might arise: how does this platform work?
Intercom assigns leads by round-robin method or directly based on the location of the targeted audience and account holder. This platform tracks all the audience's referral URLs and precise bit data, which discloses the browsing behavior pattern and the leads' interests.
It helps to choose an appropriate method to convince the charges accordingly. After filtering out the targets, it strengthens the customer relationship by sending personalized messages and following them up throughout the journey of turning them into satisfied customers. Chatbots play a significant role in building a massive network of satisfied customers and boosting the sales and marketing of the business.
Intercom gives you a glimpse of who all are using your products and services, did they like it or not, and what needs to be done next; based on these notions, Intercom acts upon them and communicates accordingly.
Benefits and Pros of using Intercom
1. Gain more leads quickly
Intercom is best known for this purpose. Intercom traps lead in a positive way, engaging them with targeted content and, as a result, convincing them to purchase your product and services. Later, it sets a real-time meeting between the filtered leads and your sales team. Once the first introduction meeting is done, it sends follow-up emails, in-app messages, and texts.
Intercom also tracks the progress and gets feedback so that improvisations can be done further. Intercom divides all the users into different categories based on their activity and then creates live sessions in other slots. Combining all of these steps altogether ultimately aids in gaining more leads.
2. Live segments arrangement
This feature allows the user to get notified about the client status updates. For instance, you will get notified if a new lead is assigned to you. If any information takes any further action, you will get to know about it as soon as the leader makes a new effort. If any change is made in the business's social profile, Intercom will notify you about the same.
3. Real-time analytics
Intercom renders reliable statistical data of each of your clients in the most convenient form to be read and understood. It helps you to monitor and understand your client's needs and serves you with the step to be taken next to upgrade your marketing methods and campaigning projects.
Moreover, it is effortless to operate the analytics tools and gain fruitful information from them. It shows data like click-through rates, open rates, activity logs, etc. It also sends data periodically, ensuring you do not miss out on any of the significant statistics and metrics, which ensures you do not lose any leads.
4. Personalized messages and chatbots
Intercom
sends personalized messages to every user. The letters are automated but with the human touch, which means it sounds like a human is carrying out the conversation with you, not a chatbot. Chatbots reply in a fraction of a second to all the clients and keep them engaged. Chatbots also play a vital role in solving everyone's issues and queries in the least amount of time.
5. Dashboard of Intercom
Most of the information can be found in this dashboard. There is a primary dashboard where all your messages and emails are categorized. All the summarized data is also shown in the dashboard. You can also find an email forwarding option in the dashboard to easily redirect any message directly into the Intercom Inbox without any external efforts or actions.
6. User profile information
Intercom has a different section where you can get all the customer's details in a single place. Location, contact number, email Id, goals, product and service preference, etc., are included. This information helps you know your customer well and arrange campaigns for them. It also helps to identify the weak spots and work on them to improve your customer service.
Drawbacks of Intercom
There are only two drawbacks found in this platform:
Intercom
does not integrate all the chat channels in one solution at a time. With this software, you can place your chatbot only on the website or app but not on Facebook, Whatsapp, etc. The live chat feature can be used on these platforms but not the chatbot feature.
Intercom may seem quite expensive to small businesses that don't have enough audience on their website or app. But, I must mention that Intercom is worth this price.
You must have been convinced to use Intercom for your business now. If you are one of them, keep reading because I am sharing the different Intercom Pricing Models with you to start your journey of using Intercom. All you need to do is pick a plan and purchase it. Now, you are good to go and take advantage of any particular plan's features. Let's have a look at what Intercom models have to serve you:
Intercom Pricing Models
1) Essential (From $136 / Month)
This plan has the following features:
Management of conversations right from multiple channels
Sending targeted messages on your website or in-app too
Easily Integrates with Hubspot, Stripe, Shopify, ad many more sites.
2) Pro (Starts From $202 / Month)
This plan automates and optimizes your workflows effortlessly. This plan consists of all features from the Essential model and additional features like:
Creates intelligent and multi-touch campaigns
Customizes workflows with rules and automation.
Controls who can see the Messenger and at which time.
Integrates with Salesforce, Zendesk, Github, and others
3) Premium
The price for this varies depending on the customized model.
In this, All-Pro Plans features are included with various add-ons like:
Helps in driving engagement with the custom bots
Gets reports on the team performance and revenue too
Integrates popular platforms like Salesforce, Sandbox, Marketo, and Clearbit Reveal
Easily converts target prospects right with account bases marketing campaigns and more.
It is a complete toolkit for business growth.
The best part about Intercom pricing models is that it provides a 14-Days Free Trial session. You can cancel a plan whenever you want within the free trial period. Another good part is that there is no penalty for cancellation charges taken from you. Great, isn't it?
The silver lining is that the free trial period will permit you to use all the features of Intercom for free, and if it's a thumbs up for your business, you can purchase and move forward with any one of their plans depending on the type, size, and goals of your business.
Features
Features available in Intercom include the following:
AB Testing
AI/Machine Learning
Alerts / Escalation
Appointment Management
Auto-Responders
Automated Responses
Automated Routing
Campaign Management
CAN-SPAM Compliance
Canned Responses
Chatbot
Code-free development
Communication Management
Contact Database
Contact Management
CRM
Customer Database
Customer Support
Customer Surveys
Customizable Branding
Customizable CTAs
Data Import/Export
Drip Campaigns
Dynamic Content
Email Management
Email Marketing
Event-Triggered Actions
For Sales / Marketing
Geotargeting
Knowledge Base Management
Language Detection
Lead Capture
Lead Database Integration
Lead Nurturing
Lead Qualification
Lead Segmentation
Lead Verification/Validation
List Management
Live Chat
Mobile Optimized Emails
Multi-Channel Communication
Natural Language Processing
Performance Metrics
Pre-Configured Bot
Proactive Chat
Prospecting Tools
Query Suggestions
Queue Management
Reporting/Analytics
ROI Tracking
Screen Sharing
Segmentation
Self Service Portal
Social Media Integration
Subscriber Management
Surveys & Feedback
Template Management
Third-Party Integrations
Transfers/Routing
Virtual Assistant
Website Visitor Tracking
Workflow Management
Suggested Reading:
Are you sure about Intercom & Drift? Checkout BotPenguin
Conclusion
Wondering whether you should purchase or buy Intercom or not?
Well, the answer is yes, you should.
Intercom is trusted and used by many of the world's businesses like New Relic, Atlassian, Shopify, etc. It is a magical key for opening the doors of business growth, be it a small business or a large one. It is a legit solution for all obstacles in marketing, sales, engaging customers, growing business, and empowering customer support and service so that the profit and reach of the company grow exponentially.
I hope this Intercom – in-depth review 2022 has helped you understand the platform better and provided helpful insight.
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Get the latest business insights straight into your inbox.
Email
Enter your email address
*
Subscribe Now
Keep Reading, Keep Growing
Checkout our related blogs you will love.
WhatsApp Ads Vs Facebook Messenger Ads: A Detailed Comparison
Updated at Sep 6, 2024
10 min to read
Rahul Gupta
Assistant Marketing Manager, BotPenguin
ChatGPT Vs ChatGPT Clone: What's Better for Your Customers
Updated at Jul 12, 2024
10 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Comparing Chainer with Other Frameworks for Chatbot Creation
Updated at Aug 6, 2024
8 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Table of Contents
I know your first question- what is "Intercom"?
The next question might arise: how does this platform work?
Benefits and Pros of using Intercom
Drawbacks of Intercom
Intercom Pricing Models
Features
Conclusion
BotPenguin is the best AI Chatbot maker platform. Create a Chatbot for WhatsApp, Website, Facebook Messenger, Telegram, WordPress & Shopify with BotPenguin - 100% FREE! Our chatbot creator helps with lead generation, appointment booking, customer support, marketing automation, WhatsApp & Facebook Automation for businesses. AI-powered No-Code chatbot maker with live chat plugin & ChatGPT integration.
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Partners
Whitelabel Partner
Whatsapp Whitelabel Partner
Implementation Partner
Affiliate Partner
Get Started
Chatbot For Ecommerce
Chatbot For Real Estate
Chatbot For Education
Chatbot For Travel
All Templates
Free Tools
WhatsApp Link Generator
WhatsApp QR Code Generator
OpenAI API Pricing Calculator
Chatbot ROI Calculator
All Free Tools
Integrations
ChatGPT
GoHighLevel
Bitrix 24
Zoho CRM
Zapier
All Integrations
Resources
Blogs
Glossary
Help Center
Write for us
Contact Us
What’s New
Product Updates
Comparisons
BotPenguin vs Manychat
BotPenguin vs Tidio
BotPenguin vs Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs Wati
BotPenguin vs Landbot
All Comparisons
Alternatives
What you get
Lead Generation Bot
Support Bot
Assistant Bot
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Get Started
Integrations
Comparisons
Partners
Free Tools
Resources
What you get
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Copyright © 2018 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All RightsReserved.