URL: https://botpenguin.com/blogs/how-to-build-your-own-chatbot-using-nlp
How to Build Your Own Chatbot Using NLP
Why BotPenguin
Product
Solutions
Pricing
Partners
Resources
Login
Get Started FREE
Integrations
Experience 80+ world-class integrations.
Key Features
Take your business to the next level with our awesome key features.
Live Chat
Stay in the loop with your clientele 24*7!
Unified Inbox
Serve your customers across all platforms.
Analytics
Speedtrack your growth with our top-of-the-line analytics tools!
Mobile App
Make, monitor, & manage your AI chatbots with our mobile app.
CHATBOT COMPARISONS
BotPenguin vs. Manychat
BotPenguin vs. Tidio
BotPenguin vs. Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs. Wati
BotPenguin vs. Interakt
BotPenguin vs. AiSensy
BotPenguin vs. Landbot
WHAT CAN IT DO?
Marketing Automation
Make marketing a boon from the automation gods!
FB Automation
Engage with your customers on a deeper level.
WhatsApp Automation
Get that nifty automation for WhatsApp too!
Appointment Bookings
No more delays, BotPenguin’s got you here!
Customer Support
Your customers are in for a treat with this automation.
Lead Generation
Gain more lead without any extra effort or expenses
WHO CAN USE IT?
Healthcare
Give your patients world-class healthcare service!
Education
Make admissions and automate processes in a jiffy!
E-commerce
Create the best E-commerce service with ease!
Real Estate
Make Real Estate great again with BotPenguin!
Consultants
Boost up with our one-stop marketing solution!
SaaS
Take your SAAS game to the next level with BotPenguin!
Tours & Travels
Provide extraordinary tour and travel services with BotPenguin!
Insurance
Launch AI-driven Insurance Bot to Promote, Sell, & Manage Policies.
WHERE CAN IT RUN?
Instagram Chatbot
Attract leads, boost sales, and chat 24/7 with Instagram Chatbots.
WhatsApp Chatbot
Start conversing like a real person with BotPenguin!
Telegram Chatbot
Cutting-edge features for you to grow your business on Telegram.
Facebook Chatbot
Do everything at once with BotPenguin on Facebook.
Websites Chatbot
BotPenguin grows your website and keeps your customers engaged.
Wordpress Chatbot
BotPenguin thrives on WordPress and makes it awesome.
Microsoft Teams Chatbot
Maximize your teams productivity with MS Teams Bot.
Shopify Chatbot
Boost your Shopify Business With BotPenguin’s AI-powered chatbot.
WooCommerce Chatbot
Sell effortlessly on your WooCommerce store with BotPenguin.
Squarespace Chatbot
Get the most out of Squarespace with BotPenguin
CUSTOM DEVELOPMENT
Whitelabel ChatGPT
Apply your branding on ChatGPT, Launch your own AI platform
ChatGPT Custom Plugins
Integrate your service straight into ChatGPT
Custom Chatbot Development
Build enterprise-grade chatbots with the best
ChatGPT Clone
Add functionality and branding on ChatGPT
HIRE DEVELOPERS
Chatbot Developers
Build Lighter, Faster, Smarter-Efficiently
ChatGPT Developers
Ride the GPT wave with trained surfers
ChatGPT Consultants
Advice that makes the difference in your AI journey
PARTNER PROGRAMS
Partners Home
Join hands with us, and welcome growth
WhatsApp Whitelabel Partners
Conquer the WhatsApp land with BotPenguin’s White Label Platform
Whitelabel Partners
Say hi to the best Whitelabel chatbot platform ever
Affiliate Partners
Earn more and keep your clients happier
Implementation Partners
As they say, a partner is worth trillions!
PARTNER PRICING
Whitelabel Chatbot Pricing
Our pricing for Whitelabel Chatbot
Implementation Partnership Pricing
Our pricing for Implementation Partnership
OUR RESOURCES
Blogs
Read the latest blogs on chatbots, AI, automations & more
Videos
Watch tutorials, webinars, and demos to master our chatbots.
Case Study
Read how BotPenguin transformed business communication
E-book
Explore e-books written by experts for all your business needs!
Help Docs
Find detailed guides and tips for all your chatbot needs.
Newsroom
Explore how BotPenguin is making headlines in the chatbot industry.
Community Support
Join our vibrant community to unlock exclusive content & expert guidance
LATEST BLOG
Why is BotPenguin the best platform to develop a chatbot?
Introducing ChatGPT 4o for BotPenguin
Create your first AI Chatbot
Get Started FREE
All blogs
How to Build Your Own Chatbot Using NLP
Chatbot
Updated at May 23, 2024
7 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Try BotPenguin
Table of Contents
What is Natural Language Processing (NLP)?
Different Ways to build an NLP Chatbot
Four easy steps to build a chatbot using NLP
Conclusion
Share
Link copied
In today's business market, chatbots play a critical role in determining the future of your business.
A chatbot is a computer program that stimulates and processes human conversation, thus enabling humans to interact with digital devices like real persons. Chatbots can be simple programs that answer a simple query with a short response or a sophisticated digital assistant giving personalized information they gather and process from the customers.
But it is essential to know that when creating a chatbot, one of the critical parts is Natural Language Processing, which helps the chatbot to understand what the user wants and takes action accordingly. It is crucial to building a chatbot using NLP for its proper functioning.
In this blog, we will learn what NLP is, how to build an NLP chatbot and the steps you need to follow to make one for yourself.
So, are you excited? Let's go!
What is Natural Language Processing (NLP)?
Natural language processing, or NLP, is the power of a computer program to understand and comprehend human language the way it is spoken and written - i.e., the natural language.
Natural language processing is more than 50 years old and has its root in linguistics. Now it is a component of Artificial Intelligence. It has a variety of applications in different areas like Medical Research, search engines, and business intelligence staff. It helps computer programs translate text from one specific language to another, reply to spoken commands, and summarize large volumes of text in minimum time.
NLP is primarily used in voice-operated GPS systems, customer service chatbots, digital assistants, speech-to-text dictation software, and many more. But it plays the most crucial role in business solutions that help streamline business operations and increase employees' productivity.
Different Ways to build an NLP Chatbot
An NLP chatbot can be built using Custom Chatbot Development and a Readymade solution. Both have their own positive and negative sides. Let's look at them in detail-
1. Custom chatbot development
You can create a sophisticated chatbot with its API integration and can treat a solution with a set of features that will fulfill your business needs. A custom chatbot service will help you personalize your chatbot and add features specifically designed for your benefit. However, there are pros and cons to using a custom chatbot development method.
Pros of choosing Custom Development
It allows you to create your chatbot according to your own needs using NLP. Thus you can create a unique chatbot solely to serve your business purpose. There are no restrictions; you must go through the discovery phase, learn more about your target audience, and select the best feature for your chatbot.
It allows you to choose a team that has expertise in a specific Technology or software. It will help you to get assistance in selecting your target goals as the experts would be able to create your chatbot software precisely as per your requirement.
When you go to custom development for creating a chatbot, they not only care about developing a suitable chatbot for you but also ensure that your chatbot is well maintained in the future. This approach helps to ensure that your chatbot will be bug-free without any disturbance, even after upgrading.
Cons of choosing Custom Development
It is a time taking process because once you start developing a chatbot, it will take time accordingly. It depends on how skilled the developers are. Typically developing a chatbot requires a minimum of a few hours to several weeks.
It is a bit costly because when you choose a custom development option, each feature of your chatbot costs separately. It will, in turn, raise the cost of creating a chatbot. If budget is not a factor, you can go for custom development.
2. Readymade Solutions
You can use this solution if you do not require complicated and sophisticated chatbot software. This platform allows you to make your chatbot by yourself with minimum hassle. But it also comes with some positive and negative factors.
Pros of using readymade solutions
It is the best platform for you to create your NPL chatbot. It comes with readymade tools that make your task a lot easier, and you can use them efficiently. But the idea needs the resources to write codes for your chatbot.
Most readymade platforms give you built-in integrations of messaging platforms like Messenger, Telegram, and Skype, as well as other third-party services for payment gateways. You don't have to worry about integrations if you create your NPL chatbot using readymade solutions.
Readymade platforms come in a variety of price ranges. You can easily find a chatbot-building platform with budget-friendly usage prices.
Cons of using readymade solutions
The readymade platform only offers you a few functionalities. The readymade tools provided by the software for building your chatbot come with a few basic and simple features that are just enough to fulfill your basic needs.
You do not get enough customization freedom when you use a readymade solution to create your NLP chatbot. There are a lot of functionality restrictions in the readymade tools that can restrict you from adding features for extending the functionality of your chatbot.
Four easy steps to build a chatbot using NLP
Step 1: Analyse and create the business logic of the client
The primary step to start building a chatbot using NLP is to analyze the needs of the business house for which you are making a chatbot. In this step, the developer's team must understand the client's need for nice business logic. For this, the team needs to study the competitive market, go to a discovery phase, and determine the core features required to create the chatbot. After doing the research, the business logic needs to be made for the future product's first step.
Step 2: Choosing the right channel and Technology stack for your chatbot.
Using the right technology and channel while creating a chatbot is essential. It mainly depends on the type of chatbot that you are creating. If you are creating a voice chatbot, it is advised to use the Twilio platform as your base channel. But if you are making a text chatbot, it is better to use telegram, Viber, or Hangouts as your base channel. The type of chatbot determines the track you should be using.
Along with creating channels, there are Technology stacks used to develop chatbots. Some of the most popular and commonly used technologies are as follows.
Python
- It is one of the most popular programming languages used for building a chatbot's architecture.
Twilio
- this helps software developers develop programs that can receive phone calls and text messages and perform other communication functions with its web service APIs.
Pandas
- this is mainly a software library created for the Python programming language. It is used for data manipulation and analysis.
SpaCy
- this is an open-source software library that helps in advanced natural language processing.
Telegram, Viber, or hangout API
- they are mainly used to connect the chatbot to messengers or websites.
Step 3: Developing the chatbot and connecting with NLP
There are two steps for the creation of a machine-learning chatbot. The first step involves developing the client-side chatbot and then connecting it to the provider's API like Telegram, Viber, etc. After completing this step, the next thing is to add the NLP to the chatbot. It is done by connecting chatbots to artificial intelligence. Once the NLP gets associated with the chatbot, you are ready to test the final product.
Step 4: The final testing
After creating the bot, you can now start asking questions to the bot you have taught. You can use manual testing to check every corner of a chatbot. It helps you get a clear idea about how your NLP chatbot works and which areas need to be fixed. Chatbots that are created using artificial intelligence attract more users as well as save a lot of time. They also help us to grow the site and attract more customers.
Conclusion
NLP chatbots can be a great use to save your clients from confusion or frustration by directly asking them what they want. Incorporating an NLP chatbot into your business can help you in a lot of ways to attract more customers and receive more business growth in the future.
But if we measure the necessity of an NLP chatbot, it is not the best option for easy use. Moreover, if an NLP chatbot is misused, it can lead to total confusion and create a massive loss for your business. To use an NLP chatbot, you must be aware of its proper guidelines to avoid making a mess.
This blog has discussed NLP and the different ways to create an NLP chatbot. We have also shared the four simple steps you need to follow to make your NLP chatbot.
If you have any queries regarding the NLP chatbot or how to create it, drop a comment below without hesitation. We are always here to help.
Also, if you are looking for good customizable and affordable chatbot-creating software, kindly check out the features of
Botpenguin!
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Get the latest business insights straight into your inbox.
Email
Enter your email address
*
Subscribe Now
Keep Reading, Keep Growing
Checkout our related blogs you will love.
A Comprehensive Guide to AI Agentic Workflow for Businesses
Updated at Oct 31, 2024
12 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Exploring the Best Drift Alternatives for 2024: A Comprehensive Guide
Updated at Oct 29, 2024
8 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Best Intercom Alternatives for 2024: A Comprehensive Guide
Updated at Oct 28, 2024
5 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Table of Contents
What is Natural Language Processing (NLP)?
Different Ways to build an NLP Chatbot
Four easy steps to build a chatbot using NLP
Conclusion
BotPenguin is the best AI Chatbot maker platform. Create a Chatbot for WhatsApp, Website, Facebook Messenger, Telegram, WordPress & Shopify with BotPenguin - 100% FREE! Our chatbot creator helps with lead generation, appointment booking, customer support, marketing automation, WhatsApp & Facebook Automation for businesses. AI-powered No-Code chatbot maker with live chat plugin & ChatGPT integration.
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Partners
Whitelabel Partner
Whatsapp Whitelabel Partner
Implementation Partner
Affiliate Partner
Get Started
Chatbot For Ecommerce
Chatbot For Real Estate
Chatbot For Education
Chatbot For Travel
All Templates
Free Tools
WhatsApp Link Generator
WhatsApp QR Code Generator
OpenAI API Pricing Calculator
Chatbot ROI Calculator
All Free Tools
Integrations
ChatGPT
GoHighLevel
Bitrix 24
Zoho CRM
Zapier
All Integrations
Resources
Blogs
Glossary
Help Center
Write for us
Contact Us
What’s New
Product Updates
Comparisons
BotPenguin vs Manychat
BotPenguin vs Tidio
BotPenguin vs Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs Wati
BotPenguin vs Landbot
All Comparisons
Alternatives
What you get
Lead Generation Bot
Support Bot
Assistant Bot
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Get Started
Integrations
Comparisons
Partners
Free Tools
Resources
What you get
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Copyright © 2018 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All RightsReserved.