URL: https://botpenguin.com/blogs/drift-chatbot-a-complete-review-2023
Drift chatbot! A complete review 2023
Why BotPenguin
Product
Solutions
Pricing
Partners
Resources
Login
Get Started FREE
Integrations
Experience 80+ world-class integrations.
Key Features
Take your business to the next level with our awesome key features.
Live Chat
Stay in the loop with your clientele 24*7!
Unified Inbox
Serve your customers across all platforms.
Analytics
Speedtrack your growth with our top-of-the-line analytics tools!
Mobile App
Make, monitor, & manage your AI chatbots with our mobile app.
CHATBOT COMPARISONS
BotPenguin vs. Manychat
BotPenguin vs. Tidio
BotPenguin vs. Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs. Wati
BotPenguin vs. Interakt
BotPenguin vs. AiSensy
BotPenguin vs. Landbot
WHAT CAN IT DO?
Marketing Automation
Make marketing a boon from the automation gods!
FB Automation
Engage with your customers on a deeper level.
WhatsApp Automation
Get that nifty automation for WhatsApp too!
Appointment Bookings
No more delays, BotPenguin’s got you here!
Customer Support
Your customers are in for a treat with this automation.
Lead Generation
Gain more lead without any extra effort or expenses
WHO CAN USE IT?
Healthcare
Give your patients world-class healthcare service!
Education
Make admissions and automate processes in a jiffy!
E-commerce
Create the best E-commerce service with ease!
Real Estate
Make Real Estate great again with BotPenguin!
Consultants
Boost up with our one-stop marketing solution!
SaaS
Take your SAAS game to the next level with BotPenguin!
Tours & Travels
Provide extraordinary tour and travel services with BotPenguin!
Insurance
Launch AI-driven Insurance Bot to Promote, Sell, & Manage Policies.
WHERE CAN IT RUN?
Instagram Chatbot
Attract leads, boost sales, and chat 24/7 with Instagram Chatbots.
WhatsApp Chatbot
Start conversing like a real person with BotPenguin!
Telegram Chatbot
Cutting-edge features for you to grow your business on Telegram.
Facebook Chatbot
Do everything at once with BotPenguin on Facebook.
Websites Chatbot
BotPenguin grows your website and keeps your customers engaged.
Wordpress Chatbot
BotPenguin thrives on WordPress and makes it awesome.
Microsoft Teams Chatbot
Maximize your teams productivity with MS Teams Bot.
Shopify Chatbot
Boost your Shopify Business With BotPenguin’s AI-powered chatbot.
WooCommerce Chatbot
Sell effortlessly on your WooCommerce store with BotPenguin.
Squarespace Chatbot
Get the most out of Squarespace with BotPenguin
CUSTOM DEVELOPMENT
Whitelabel ChatGPT
Apply your branding on ChatGPT, Launch your own AI platform
ChatGPT Custom Plugins
Integrate your service straight into ChatGPT
Custom Chatbot Development
Build enterprise-grade chatbots with the best
ChatGPT Clone
Add functionality and branding on ChatGPT
HIRE DEVELOPERS
Chatbot Developers
Build Lighter, Faster, Smarter-Efficiently
ChatGPT Developers
Ride the GPT wave with trained surfers
ChatGPT Consultants
Advice that makes the difference in your AI journey
PARTNER PROGRAMS
Partners Home
Join hands with us, and welcome growth
WhatsApp Whitelabel Partners
Conquer the WhatsApp land with BotPenguin’s White Label Platform
Whitelabel Partners
Say hi to the best Whitelabel chatbot platform ever
Affiliate Partners
Earn more and keep your clients happier
Implementation Partners
As they say, a partner is worth trillions!
PARTNER PRICING
Whitelabel Chatbot Pricing
Our pricing for Whitelabel Chatbot
Implementation Partnership Pricing
Our pricing for Implementation Partnership
OUR RESOURCES
Blogs
Read the latest blogs on chatbots, AI, automations & more
Videos
Watch tutorials, webinars, and demos to master our chatbots.
Case Study
Read how BotPenguin transformed business communication
E-book
Explore e-books written by experts for all your business needs!
Help Docs
Find detailed guides and tips for all your chatbot needs.
Newsroom
Explore how BotPenguin is making headlines in the chatbot industry.
Community Support
Join our vibrant community to unlock exclusive content & expert guidance
LATEST BLOG
Why is BotPenguin the best platform to develop a chatbot?
Introducing ChatGPT 4o for BotPenguin
Create your first AI Chatbot
Get Started FREE
All blogs
Drift chatbot! A complete review 2023
Others
Updated at Sep 20, 2024
10 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Try BotPenguin
Table of Contents
What is Drift Chatbot?
Drift Chatbot: Key features
Drift Widget
The drawbacks of Drift Chatbot
The pricing of Drift Chatbot
Alternatives to Drift Chatbot
Final Thoughts
Share
Link copied
Conversational marketing has been on the rise for the last decade. The idea of simply listening and talking to consumers on your website is a hit market tactic.  How to apply conversational marketing to your business? How can you create an incredible customer journey with minimal effort? There are many tools available on the market, but among the most popular is Drift.  Drift is a live chat software that helps businesses grow and give rise to leads. Drift engages website visitors and converts them into leads through interaction, conversation, and dialogue-driven activities.  Over 50,000 enterprises use Drift to align and market on a single platform to deliver a unified customer experience.  Read on ahead to get a comprehensive review of Drift. Get answers to questions like What's the pricing of Drift and, most importantly, why should you choose it?
What is Drift Chatbot?
Drift Chatbot is a live chat platform that inherits several features that ultimately helps in qualifying the leads. It proves to be a multitasker when it comes to your business. Drift sets meetings with clients and keeps track of records. It has dozens of native integration such as Clearbit, databox, Demandbase, drip, Front, complete story, okta, salesforce, etc. It is a powerful software and provides chat targeting, saved replies, etc.
How does the Drift Chatbot work?
Drift Chatbot
specializes in conversational marketing. It is a business-to-business service provider. Drift improves and helps in a constant rise in clients' service and engagement standards in this digital era. Drift allows a specific playbook function and a comprehensive view of performance metrics and interactions that affect your business.  You can access drift Chatbots with extreme ease without advanced technology. Its specific playbook function saves time and allows the team to focus on more analytical tasks. It also has a unique feature like revenue acceleration that increases customer revenue and satisfaction. Drift employs over 500 people in marketing.
Why should you choose Drift Chatbot?
Without a shred of doubt, drift Chatbot can be a game-changer. Choosing Drift can be beneficial in many ways. Let's explore some of them:
Drift has all the features required by sales and marketing teams to increase productivity. It has its unifying way of dealing with customers.
Drift has an extensive integration network to support data access. Large integration channels also help extend their functionality to various business needs.
As earlier mentioned, Drift provides a specific playbook function that saves time and allows the employees to work on more critical aspects.
Next is the dashboard. Drift's dashboard provides you with enormous facilities. The dashboard of Drift displays more than half information in a single go. Such as the reporting tool give a more vivid picture of your customer's productivity.
Besides this, Drift tracks records and activity, responds automatically, and manages the calendar and campaign. Drift also allows you to customize templates.
Drift handles the reporting part and takes care of analytics.
Apart from these, Email Management, Email Marketing, Email Templates, Email Tracking, and Engagement Tracking are performed by Drift.
Drift gives access to screen sharing that helps many employees and customers and provides segmentation.
Drift Chatbot: Key features
@mentions
AB Testing
AI/Machine Learning
API
Access Controls/Permissions
Activity Dashboard
Activity Tracking
Alerts / Escalation
Alerts/Notifications
Appointment Management
Appointment Scheduling
Audience Targeting
Augmented Analytics
Auto-Responders
Automated Scheduling
Availability Indicator
Availability Management
Booking Management
Calendar Management
Calendar Sync
Campaign Management
Campaign Personalization
Canned Responses
Chat Transcript
Chatbot
Code-free development
Collaboration Tools
Confirmation/Reminders
Contact Database
Contact Management
Content Management
Contextual Guidance
Contextual Targeting
Conversion Tracking
Customer Experience Management
Customer Segmentation
Customizable Branding
Customizable CTAs
Customizable Fields
Customizable Templates
Dashboard
Data Extraction
Data Import/Export
Data Synchronization
Data Visualization
Drip Campaigns
Dynamic Content
Real-time Conversations
Reminders
Reporting & Statistics
Reporting/Analytics
Routing
SMS Messaging
Scheduling
Screen Sharing
Search/Filter
Segmentation
Single Sign-On
Source Tracking
Speech Recognition.
Email Automation
Email Campaign Management
Email Marketing
Email Templates
Email Tracking
Engagement Tracking
Drift Widget
Drift widgets can be very advantageous and set up sales and interactive bots to solve the challenging, laborious work for you. When you initiate the drift widget, it will indicate ready, which means you are ready to set up. Other options are hidden, show, OpenChat, ToggleChat, Code Example, etc.
The drawbacks of Drift Chatbot
There are several shortcomings of Drift Chatbot which will provoke you to think twice before choosing this Chatbot for your business.
The most crucial drawback that maximum users complain about is the pricing. The enterprise level comes with everything. If you want to get an around-the-clock drift Chatbot, you must negotiate enterprise-level pricing.
You cannot use multiple teams together unless you go for the enterprise level. The other alternative of the drift Chatbot provides these benefits at lower prices.
The web app and mobile application arise with some faults and gradually take a long time to load.
Drift Chatbots are unable to provide messaging solutions for effective marketing channels.
Chatbot builder is sub-par and only available from the Pro plan and up.
Drift Chatbot does not give access to use on channels like SMS text messaging, Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp, and others.
The pricing of Drift Chatbot
The Free Plan:
Get one seat and free live chat.
Premium:
You will pay six hundred dollars monthly for ten seats; You need to pay $80 for extra seats.
Enterprise:
Best For Big Organizations.
Startup Program:
Starts at $500 for ten seats.
Alternatives to Drift Chatbot
Intercom
Intercom supports single users to go through every part of the funnel and provides a single tool that helps us sell to clients.
BotPenguin
BotPenguin is an AI-powered chatbot platform with low pricing.
Suggested Reading:
Why BotPenguin is the best alternative for Drift?
Landbot
Landbot is a drag and drops creator used for email marketing. Landbot provides an affordable price. It engages your customer naturally.
Freshdesk
It is an online cloud-based customer service software. It also accesses features like SLA manager, Ticket field suggestion, etc.
Podium
Podium is a messaging platform for small businesses. Podium is a review platform used to send out reviews, and it can be used as a messaging platform for your website.  Chatfuel, Tidio, TARS, Birdeye, and Qualified are more alternatives to drift chatbots.
Final Thoughts
In short, Drift can be your go-to choice.
Drift Chatbot
is a customer engagement platform that empowers businesses with messaging, reviews, Webchat, and payment tools.
It has a playbook function. Drift has an easy-to-use and perfect live chat. The drift widget can also be advantageous for sales and provide interactive bots.
Drift brings up large integration channels with the top companies. It also handles the reporting part, email marketing, templates, etc.
However, it would not be a good choice for agile medium-sized companies because of its expensive pricing.
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Get the latest business insights straight into your inbox.
Email
Enter your email address
*
Subscribe Now
Keep Reading, Keep Growing
Checkout our related blogs you will love.
Omnichannel vs Multichannel Marketing: Understanding the Key Differences
Updated at Nov 7, 2024
10 min to read
Rahul Gupta
Assistant Marketing Manager, BotPenguin
Top 10 Best Practices for Email Marketing Success
Updated at Nov 7, 2024
14 min to read
Rahul Gupta
Assistant Marketing Manager, BotPenguin
Chatbot Case Studies: Real-World Examples of AI Enhancing Customer Engagement
Updated at Nov 1, 2024
12 min to read
BotPenguin
Content Writer, BotPenguin
Table of Contents
What is Drift Chatbot?
Drift Chatbot: Key features
Drift Widget
The drawbacks of Drift Chatbot
The pricing of Drift Chatbot
Alternatives to Drift Chatbot
Final Thoughts
BotPenguin is the best AI Chatbot maker platform. Create a Chatbot for WhatsApp, Website, Facebook Messenger, Telegram, WordPress & Shopify with BotPenguin - 100% FREE! Our chatbot creator helps with lead generation, appointment booking, customer support, marketing automation, WhatsApp & Facebook Automation for businesses. AI-powered No-Code chatbot maker with live chat plugin & ChatGPT integration.
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Mobile app
iOS App
Android App
Fully Operational
Status
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Partners
Whitelabel Partner
Whatsapp Whitelabel Partner
Implementation Partner
Affiliate Partner
Get Started
Chatbot For Ecommerce
Chatbot For Real Estate
Chatbot For Education
Chatbot For Travel
All Templates
Free Tools
WhatsApp Link Generator
WhatsApp QR Code Generator
OpenAI API Pricing Calculator
Chatbot ROI Calculator
All Free Tools
Integrations
ChatGPT
GoHighLevel
Bitrix 24
Zoho CRM
Zapier
All Integrations
Resources
Blogs
Glossary
Help Center
Write for us
Contact Us
What’s New
Product Updates
Comparisons
BotPenguin vs Manychat
BotPenguin vs Tidio
BotPenguin vs Tawk.to
BotPenguin vs Wati
BotPenguin vs Landbot
All Comparisons
Alternatives
What you get
Lead Generation Bot
Support Bot
Assistant Bot
Platforms
Microsoft Teams
New
Instagram
New
Whatsapp
Telegram
Facebook
Websites
Get Started
Integrations
Comparisons
Partners
Free Tools
Resources
What you get
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Refund Policy
Copyright © 2018 - 2024 Relinns Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All RightsReserved.